 

. "WWW '"V‘wwr'vfff‘" "Wt a: '7 . “(A . , , .

 

. .. me,:¢,-n .

Please Mention the "Green Boo/e”

w
—

 

 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
  

EXPLANATION W

No travel Guide is perfect! The changing conditions as all know, I ' P
contribute to this condition, particularly in the United States.
We have given you a selection of listings that you can choose Pm;

from, under no circumstances do these listings imply that the place is 5:!

recommended by the publisher nor by ﬁrms or places from which
HOTE

they are distributed. The
The listings in this Guide are carefully checked and, despite this, 107‘:

. . . . . B12;

past experiences have shown that our minute 1nspect10n had falled to Sean
notice errors which would be an inconvenience to the traveler. There— 361"}

fore, at this point may we emphasize that these listings are printed 3,,
just as they are presented to us and we would like your cooperation ,-
and understanding, that the publishers are not responsible for miscal— , F10
culations or errors after this check has been made. 1 HOT]

In order that you won’t ﬁnd any difﬁculty in ﬁnding the kind ‘ [CW
of business that you are looking for, we have placed the listings under El
their proper classiﬁcation in cities and towns. T5”

We appreciate letters from you, our patrons, donating advice PPPE
and addresses of places not listed herein, that would be in accord D“
with our level. We also welcome adverse criticism, in that, it might HOT]
improve our standards, and, in the end, afford more comfortable TOEE

conditions for you and others.

This Guide Book is not sold on newsstands but in bookstores.
They make appreciative gifts to friends and neighbors. Inasmuch as TQPP

the sale of these Guide Books depend mostly upon the friend—to—friend . \
oral advertising system, it would be particularly interesting if more ‘

of our patrons would pass the word along concerning our “Green "You
BOOk.” One
For further information concerning this matter you may contact 0”,
our agents or the publishers: Victor H. Green & Co., 200 West 135th '
St., Room 215A, New York 30, N. Y. .
\

