[N PATRONIZING THESE PLACES

When this is accomplished the third
model can be brought into the line
almost immediately, namely, the Kel-
ler Chief and Super Chief, ultra-
swanky Delivery Car. This car is
produced by omission of the doors
with only one seat for the driver
and with engine mounted in the rear.
Luggage and package compartment
is located in front in space where
engines are located in most cars.

Thirty-ﬁve miles to the gallon is
claimed for these cars. Tire sizes are
6.00 x 12. These cars have been
engineered throughout with the
thought of standardizing all parts,
both for the availability of the items
now, as well as for service owners,
and the quite important point of

keeping tooling expenses to the ab-
solute minimum.

Mr. Keller said, “Our factory fa-
cilities in Huntsville are ideally suit-
ed for our assembly purposes. Our
buildings and space acquired from

the U. 8. Government Engineering
Corps, contain two of the largest
buildings of the Huntsville Arsenal,
with offices 700 feet' long, trackage
on both sides, and loading docks for
trucks. We are only a short distance
from docks on the Tennessee River
from which we can ship cars by

barge to all points on the Mississippi
and Ohio Rivers, and by boat to the
East Coast, export or through the
Canal, to the West Coast. Supplies
can come to us via the same routes.”

“Our prices will start at $848.00
on today’s cost estimates. However,
it is our intention to control car
deliveries and eliminate black and
grey markets on our products, and
to accomplish this it may be neces-
sary to raise our prices to whatever
extent necessary for our factory to
be in command, and thus control the
new car retail delivery situation
which apparently is now out of con-
trol in many quarters. One other
company is handling the situation
quite successfully. You find few, if
any, of their new cars in the hands
of unauthorized dealers at Black
Market Prices.”

These cars have been in the course
of development for about two years.
Approved mechanical design has been
under test ever since the latter part
of 1946. Ab Jenkins, former Mayor
of Salt Lake City, and holder of
more speed records than any other
man, is in attendance in the Hotel
Pennsylvania. Jenkins is expected to
set some new records in Salt Lake
Flats within a very short time.

THE TUCKER ’48

The Tucker ‘48 is a radical de-
parture from anything yet produced
by the automotive industry but en-
gineering features which it incorpor-
ates have been tested and proved for
many years on the Indianapolis Speed-
way and elsewhere.

The engine, located in the rear of
the car, is a flat simplified type with
six opposed cylinders, developing 150
horsepower. The cylinders lie on their
sides -three on each side of the center
crankshaft.

The ignition system, backed by a 24
volt battery, delivers a more effective,

more lasting spark. All the gas in the
cylinder is ignited every time, giving
maximum efficiency.

Valves in the Tucker ‘48 are hy-
draulically actuated by oil under
pressure. In the event that the oil
supply falls below its proper level,
the engine stops automatically, pre-
venting the burning out of bearings
or othe vital parts.

The engine is cooled by a special
agent, sealed-in at the factory. No
anti-freeze is needed in winter nor
will the engine overheat in the sum-
mer due to evaporation.

 

