PLEASE MENTION

“THE GREEN BOOK"

worthwhile places to visit. For instance, north of Bismarck, thle Gar-
rison dam is under construction. This is to be the largest rolled earth
filled dam in the world. I should like to urge Negroes to visit North
Dakota, not only for the tourist attractions, not only because of the
friendliness of her people, but also because of these visitations would
enable North Dakotans to better know and understand a. great part

of our national citizenry.”

We have reprinted these replies to give the readers of the Green Book

‘ 4 an idea of what we are trying to to to aid them in their travels. Each

year through one method or another we are making the Green Book
America’s first and best guide. Many thousands are using our guide with)

confidence and satisfaction.

99.009009909999000...00996900000009.0990.009090000

KELLER CARS

I A new car in the automobile ﬁeld designed on a new principle, whose price is low and is
of interest to everyone who wants a new car or who IS contemplating
turning in their old car for a new one.

r Twenty-four months of precious post
- war marketing time and many thou-
; sands of miles of vigorous road test-

ing and trials have gone into the

development of a new automobile,
Ti privately shown recently to members
= of the Press, Radio, entertainment and
‘1 business world. This special preview
of the new Keller “Chief” and “Super
Chief”, new size automobiles, pre-
sented by Keller Motors Corporation
of Huntsville, Alabama, precedes the

I first public showing of these surpris-

' ing cars in the main lobby of Hotel
Pennsylvania from October ZISt thru
Sunday.
' ‘ George D. Keller, President of the
» company bearing his well known
name in the automobile industry, pre-
sented a very convincing set of facts,
bearing out his company’s contention
that they have made a basis automo-
tive engineering contribution to the

future of automobiles. A development \

as important as when pneumatic tires
were introduced generations ago, be-
cause it brings to automobile trans-
portation more comfort, more safety
and greater economy. To be more

speciﬁc, Mr. Keller pointed out for
the first time in an automobile their
“Chief” and “Super Chief“ are equip-
ped with a new type of wheel sus-
pension, each of the four wheels be-
ing independently sprung completely
“cradled in rubber.” These are the
first cars to have the chassis sus-
pended at points lower than the cen-
ter of the wheels. This in turn pro-
duces a car with the lowest center
of gravity available in this country
today. Yet, there is standard road
clearance height designed into this
new type of ride. Independently
sprung wheels, “cradled in rubber”
means “no springs,” (transverse, lon—
gitudinal or coil). The suspension is
rubber, bonded to metal producing
startling results, no lubrication and
no metal to metal contact of moving
parts. This new design gives to this
92” wheel base, new size car, a
smooth ﬂoating ride. No longer is long
wheel base essential to provide good
riding qualities.

This “cradled in rubber” innova-
tion provides an amazing new devel-
opment in motor car design. Road

 

