IN OPATRONIZING THESE PLACES

they would be treated as well as anyone else. The situation has never
presented itself to this community to my knowledge, and therefore I ~
am at a loss as to what they would encounter in this vicinity." ’

From SHELBY, MONTANA:

“Our very limited facilities have been taxed to the limit the last ‘
couple of years in trying to give adequate service to the touring =
public. Upon consulting with some of them, who may well represent
the rest, they believe Negro patrons have a right to fair consideration,
but they would hesitate to place their names in your directory for
fear of finding all touring Negroes near here over-crowding the
facilities to the eX-clusion of old customers. A pretty reasonable atti-
tude exists here, but we have had so few colored people in this area
that I would hesitate to say to what extent many more would be at
liberty to come and go without running into difficulty.”

It is our belief that the following letter is the best and most sincere
reply so far; expressing the very crux of the situation. It touches on‘
every phase of the idea of what is trying to be done in various fields
towards a better understanding between the races.

From DICKINSON, NORTH DAKOTA:

“There are no Negro families in Dickinson, and there are few Negro
tourists in this vicinity.

“There are two reasons why I hesitate on your correspondence. One

is that if I list one place of business I would be discriminating against}
another. Another is that several places of business, while they are
glad to provide for Negro customers, do not care to advertise for.
Negro trade. 3

“The attitude of a majority of those I contacted was that, while
they themselves had no color prejudice, some of their regular cus-.
tomers did have. This was the impression I gained from hotel opera-
tors, barbers, and others contacted. They were all eager to provide,
whatever services were required by Negroes visiting Dickinson. ‘

“Ignorance is the root of prejudice. There is a special type of ignor-
ance in this section regarding Negroes. There are so few Negroes
living in North Dakota that a colored person is still a curiosity. Some s
of the prejudice here is merely unfamiliarity with any of the race.
It is a general thing, and not specific. When talking about Negroes
abstractly, they feel differently than if a colored person, in person,
asks them for services.

“Upon occasion, Negroes have been accommodated in Dickinson M
hiotels. However, a Negro tourist would have an easier time getting
accommodations at Dickinson’s motels and in several tourist camps._
North Dakotans, generally, are friendly, and I am sure that a Negro
tourist would be pleased with his reception in Dickinson.

“Just west of Bismarck, in the Badlands, is the newly created Theov- .
dore Roost”; National Memorial Park. The park area is one of
wondrous scenic beauty and contains several historic sites, a petrified :
forest, and other attractions. Elsewhere in the state are many

4

 

