IN PATRONlZlNG THESE PLACES

WHERE ARE YOU GOING TO STOP?

By James A. Jackson, Special Representative of the Esso Marketers

Most of the people of America are able to answer that question which so
often arises when conversation includes the mention of where one may be

going, however, for the Negro traveler, the answer too often has been “Oh,
I don’t know yet, but you can always find some place.”

Or maybe, in response to the suggestion, when a trip has been mentioned,
the expectant traveler is obliged to state that "I would like to stop off and see

that place, I have heard so much about it, but I don’t know anyone there and
I wouldn’t know where to stop.”

Even the person required to go hither and thither on business, sometimes
makes his trip filled with apprehension, unless he happens to know some more
experienced traveler or tourist, who happens to know some addresses and more
often than not, because of the lack of definite address, exhausts much of his
time locating a place to serve as his temporary "home away from home”.

In past years, the Negro Traveler, either tourist or business traveler, has

spent more money per day or used more time, maybe both, thus making his
travels more expensive than the same milage would cost other people.

It makes little difference whether one is transported by ear or train, or even
by plane, he needs to know where to lay a weary head when nightfall comes.

His home and office needs to know where he may be found when he goes
forth. He needs to be free from calling twice each day at a general delivery
Window for possible mail, often needlessly wasting time there in a long line.

Those are the handicaps Victor H. Green has been trying to solve for his
people for the past eight years. His successive issues of the Green Book for
the Negro traveler hav been consistently becoming better with each issue.
Today, our thousands of travelers, if they be thoughtful enough to arm them-
selves with a Green Book, may free themselves of a lot ‘of worry and incon-
venience as they plan for a trip.

The Esso Marketers Public Relations men of the race group have been using
the Green Book for all the years of its existence and have been impressed with
its usefulness, that we have devised a way to help Victor H. Green Co. obtain
a more widespread distribution, and our own customer friends to be more
certain of finding accomodations when they get there, wherever they may be

going.

The segregated group in American life can no more than others be expected
to know where hotels may be found, where tourist homes and camps or cabins
exist, or Where restaurants available to them are to be found, than can other
people. Those other peoples have long had provided such information services.
Tourist agencies and Guide publishers have been at their service for these
many years.

‘10

 

onnm

 

JA

Am F? :—;——' ' 5:7

