EXPLANATION

‘ No travel guide is ever perfect with the changing conditions, not only in
V the world, but also in the United States. The listings contained in this guide

are given to you just as it is given to us from its sorurce. There is a pos-
, sibility that the address might be a few numbers out of the way—or the
, v business has moved, so that by the time you receive your guide, start to use
, it you will find some discrepancies. This is due to the fact, from the time

that the guide goes to press until you get it a few months have passed and
‘ many changes have taken place in the business world. This we can not help
v and we don’t want you to get the idea that this guide is of no value; we

try to have it as correct as possible. Each year these listings are checked

before we go to press.

. Our guides are published for every one, hence we have supplied you
with any number of places in cities and towns so that one can select what
they want within their price range. We do not recommend any of these
* places, although hundreds of them could be. But due to the thousands of
2 "listings, it is impossible to inspect all, so we leave it to your decision. We
’ would welcome letters from you giving the name and address of any place
‘_ that you feel that isn’t up to our standards of a first class business place.

i ‘ They will be removed, which would give not only you, but other travelers
ﬂithe benefit of only first class places.

1 In order that you won’t find any difficulty in finding the kind of business
that you are looking for, we have placed the listings under their proper
classification in cities and towns.

, 0.90099000900900090.009909099696000090900900.9009.

REPLIES FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS

i It is the purpose of the Green Book to give to the traveling
‘ public as many places for convenience and comfort as possible,
and in our endeavors to give better service through our guide,
we sent correspondents to various cities throughout the West-
‘ ern United States. The response we received were warm,
generous and frank. Several of the replies are printed below
so that YOU, our reader, may judge the results of our efforts.

From GORDON, NEBRASKA, our correspondent states:

“No Negro families here—likely could stay at Cabin camps. Do not
know attitude of hotels. Yellow Cabinstordon, Neb., would take

Negroes.”

From DEVIL’S LAKE, NORTH DAKOTA:

“We don’t have any Negro families living in our city or community
and consequently would have no occasion to offer housing, etc., to the
Negro. I believe if Negro travelers were to pass thru Devil’s Lake,

3

 

