FOR EXTRA SERVICE - - - MENTION "THE GREEN BOOK"

 

- -mm- ..

 

 

PREPARDNESS

- _,... .“~amv~uw m.

An old but true addage "An Ounce of Prevention is worth more than a Pound of Cure." ‘

Many motorist who use their cars daily for local routine with never any trouble. fail to
realize that a car that appears to work well under local needs may be quite unfit to undertake
the grueling of a long distance trip. Minor faults remain unnoticed through months of ordinary
driving, but when the car is called upon to work at maximum power over long periods of time
and distance. these small and minor faults develop into major difficulties and detract the fun and i

enjoyment from motoring. A successful and enjoyable motor trip depends mostly on a well
groomed car.

Both safety and pleasure are at stake when a motorist starts on a trip before the car

7 has been thoroughly checked and the faults removed. The first thing to be certain about are
I the brakes and the steering apparatus. Most mishaps are caused by bad brakes and defective
steering. In most cases simple adjustments are only necessary to remove this evil. Next. be sure

you have good tires. Good tires insures safety. Your best tires should always be on the front

wheels. By doing this you reduce the chance of front tire trouble which means more dependa-

 ble control. Good and proper lighting comes next. Make sure you have good bulbs and your
‘ headlight beams properly adjusted. Carry a spare set of bulbs and fuses. A good windshield
wiper adds comfort and safety. Wiper blades are inexpensive but very valuable in a rain storm.

Nothing is more of a killjoy when the motor starts to spit and pop and then stops. To
, overcome this and add comfort and uninterrupted pleasure; everything should be done to prevent
these enforced halts. A motor tune-up is the solution. This checkup when done properly will

remove the hidden evils, and will allow your motor to perform at its maximum efficiency.

-M‘w..-  

The proper tune-up should consist of:

1. Complete Ignition inspection. which includes Lighting and Engine Wiring.

Sparkplugs. Distributor Points, Generator, Starter, Condenser. Coil, and
Timing.

 

 

2. Carbureation, which includes. Carbureator Cleaning and adjustments and
Engine Valve adjustment.

 ~ MM.W_W-.~V .._ . s.

.»,. WWW .mr‘\-‘~s< new...”

3. Timing Chain and Fan Belt adjustments; and a general tightening up
throughout. i

A“-.- A, A. .. .H.

Last but not least is Lubrication. A complete change of lubricants in the Crankcase. 3
Transmision and Rear Axel is recommended and a thorough greasing of the Chassis. Insist that 
the Lubricants used are those recommended by the manufacturer of your car. Accept 11" sub‘  

stitutes. Shock Absorbers should not be overlooked as they are subject to severe use on long 5
trips. Have them filled and adjusted. {

 

a 5° When we SGY let's go places; be prepared before you start and more than likely
3 you will have a pleasant and enjoyable trip with no regrets when you return. f

-_ ~‘1--__-_—_——————--———___—___ M
W.-

 

