 

 

 

. ' I  ,,, . ,, r9547! “ﬁfimyﬂ’u' M w...“ Adz

FOR EXTRA SERVICE - - - MENTION "THE ,GREEN BOOK"

POINTS OF INTEREST IN NEW YORK CITY

THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING is the tallest ofﬁce building in the world and is
situated at 5th Avenue between 33rd and 34th Streets. The site is nearly 2 acres and rises
102 stories above the ground. and is 2 stories under the ground. It houses more than
25.000 tenants. Its elevators rise at the tremendous speed of 200 feet per second.
While its express cars carry one’to the 80th ﬂoor in one minute.

ELLIS ISLAND is the ﬁrst landing place of the immigrant and is located in the

upper bay of New York harbor. This island may be visited by securing a pass from the
Commissioner of Immigration.

CONEY ISLAND, New York’s own seaside recreation resort is ten miles from New York
City. Here one will ﬁnd bathing and all sorts of open air amusements.

CATHEDRAL OF ST. JOHN THE DIVINE, located at Amsterdam Avenue. 110th to
113th Streets, is America’s greatest church ediﬁce. When completed it will be the
largest Gothic Cathedral in the World. The seating capacity is 15.000 and room for 40,000
standing. It has been in the building for the last 61. years_ the corner stone being laid
in 1892. Visitors are always welcome and services are held practically all day.

THE GEORGE \VASHINGTON BRIDGE, over the Hudson River, is the longest suspen-
sion hridge “in the East, connecting New York City. at 179th ’Street. and Fort Lee, N. J.
It is used by millions of people annually. and is the Northern route to motorists going
South from the North. Its towers, which stand 80 feet higher than the Washington
Monument_ can be seen for miles around. The New York tower has the “Will Rogers
Memorial Beacon,” which serves as a guide to aviators.

. THE THEATRIOAL DISTRICT OF NE“? YORK. where all of the largest and best
plays are staged and produced, is locate-d in the heart of the citm Here you will ﬁnd the
largest and best showhouses in the world from 39th to 52nd Streets and 8th to 6th Ave.

The Colored ShiOW houses are located in Harlem: The Lafayette at 7th and 132nd
Street; a W. P. A. house and the Apollo at 125th near 8th Avenue are the largest.

THE GENERAL POST OFFICE is the largest post ofﬁice in the world.
2 city blocks from 31st :Street to 33rd and fro-m 8th to 9th Avenue.
employees, makes 26 collections and 3 to 4 deliveries a day.

THE HOIJLAND TUNNEL is the busiest vehicular tunnel in the w0rld. Starts at
Canal Street in New York and ends at 12th Street‘ Jersey City; N. J.. This tunnel con-

tains 2 tubes: one for West bound and the other for East bound traffic; eaclr 2 tubes
wide. The toll is 500 per car.

THE TRI-BOROUGH BRIDGE, which connects three of the boroughs of Greater
New; York (Manhattan_ Bronx, Queens). This bridge is 171/2 miles long and extends into

all three b0roughs, and has 14 miles of approaches. This bridge is the most direct
route to the New York World’s Fair. The toll charge is 250.

THE NEW YORK WORLD’S FAIR. 1939. will be the greatest exhibition that has ever
been produced by any country in the world. It will be situated in what is now known as
Flushing Meadow Park_ Flushing, L. I. and wili be served by all the rapid transit ’systems,
the Long Island Railroad and all motor rOutes. It will occqu 1.130 acres of land.

THE HAYDEN ELANETARIUM, which is located in the American Museum of Natural
History at 81st Street and Central Park West_ can be seen “The Drama of the Skies." The
most interesting feature of the Planetarium is the “Hall of the Sun,” which shows the
Solar System. There are six performances daily starting at 11 A. M._ except; Sunday
and holidays. On these days the show starts at 10 A. M. The admission is 250, 11 to 5
o’clock; evenings 8:30, 350; 25c at 5 P. M. Saturday, Sunday and holidays. Children
under 17 years of age 150 at all times. Reserved seats 50c and 600.

It covers
It houses 18,000

ROCKEFEL'LER CENTER, largest building project ever undertaken by private capital.
It is situated between -5th and 6th Avenue at 48th and 51st Streets, and occupies 12
acres. The tallest building in the group is the R. C. A. Building and is 70 stories tall
and houses the National Broadcasting Co. On the West of Rockefeller Center is the Radio
City "Music Hall, R. K. 0. Building_ R: C: A' Building west and the Center Theatre, also
Radio City which is named in honor of the Radio Corporation of America. On the Fifth
Avenue side will be found the Le Maison Francaise, British Empire Building_ Italian
Building and the six story extension of the 41 story International Building.

CHINAT‘OWN. at the Bowery and Chatham Square, is New York’s Oriental section.
Sight seeing busses will take visitors there from Times Square. Showing the Bloody

Corner at Pell and Mott Streets which has been the place of countless murders caused
by the rivalry of the Leong and Hip Sing Tongs.

—(Continued on Page 16)—

 

 

 

l
t
. 1
i

 

