 

“ATLANTIC CITY” ——

Our Nation’s most famous resort city
boasts a boardwalk which parallels the
ocean for eight miles, on which the

visitor will ﬁnd shops representing the,

best of this country and abroad, pro-
viding anything from antique furniture
to rare jewelry. Rolling chairs can be
obtained, making it easier for the visi—
tor to traverse the entire length of the
boardwalk. Convention Hall, the world’s
largest (seating capacity 41,000) is the
arena for all forms of entertainment.
Bathing and the sea air are the city’s
main attractions. This is a year ’round
resort.

CARLSBAD CAVERNS
National Park, New Mexico —

Open all year.

One of the most superb areas included
in the National Park system of the
United States is a. series of Caverns of
unusual magniﬁcence, located in south-
eastern New Mexico in the foothills of
the Guadalupe Mountains. This is
picturesque semi—desert area, and its
vegetation is of much interest to visi—
tors. The Carlsbad Caverns are open-
ings made by underground water in

two massive rock formations, referred
to as the Carlsbad and Capitan lime-

stones. The uplifting movements that
formed the Rocky Mountains also
raised the Carlsbad area above sea
level, approximately 200 million years

ago. Over a period of years, many
chambers have been formed as the

result of the constant seepage of water.
The most interesting thus far is the
King’s Palace, Queen’s Chamber and
Papoose Room, 829 feet below the sur—
face. The developed portion of the
Caverns only is open to the public. The
bat spectacle is one of the outstanding
attractions of the Caverns. Each eve-
ning at dusk, except for the migration

4

l.

period, millions of bats come forth fron I
the bat cave 180 feet below the surfaa
to ﬂy forth, returning before the fol
lowing dawn. A talk on the bats by ‘
naturalist is given each evening befor
the ﬂight begins. The region of the,
Carlsbad Caverns contains many in-
teresting desert plants, some of whic :

bloom for only a very short period‘

 

It is advisable to carry a wrap as the
temperature in the Caverns remains th

same 56° throughout the year. Howeve V
no special clothing is necessary. Lunch .
eon may be obtained for a moderat
and a special '

price, day nurser : .

service is provided near. the Caverns
entrance. The Caverns may be reached. '
by train, bus or taxi. Walnut Canyor *
Highway leads to the Canyon. One da) 1
is needed for the tour.

   

CARLSBAD CAVERNS
THE FLO‘ODLIGHTING OF CARLSBAD ‘

CAVERNS IS A MASTERPIECE OIF
EILECTlRI‘CAL ILLUMINATION ‘

leaving no trace of ever having exsedi

 

 

