The Negro Traveler’s Green Boo/e

Fishermen’s Wharf is one of the sights of San Francisco. Located some three miles
Within the Golden Gate, it is like a bit of the Bay of Naples set down on the shore of
San Francisco Bay. From the piers of the lagoons where some 350 ﬁshing vessels berth,
one has an excellent View of the Golden Gate Bridge and of the hills of the north shore
piling up to the 2600 feet height of lordly Mount Tamalpais.) Behind the wharf is
Telegraph Hill with high Coit Tower on top. It is the visual center of the Latin Quarter

n..«
<-‘I
an

‘x‘I'H \V.~Hu.

I>\
.-

<~2I

:n-I‘I \\'II

l-u. I‘I‘ t.- x Lt-I- ‘IH

in the North Beach section of San Francisco.

provide varied interests in water
sports, while Golden Gate offers an
atmosphere of great natural beauty
with its 1,013 acres of ﬂowers,
shrubs, trees and lawns along with
its recreational activities, refresh—
ment enclosures and educational
facilities.

Fisherman’s Wharf is located at the
end of the Embarcadero and is one
of the most picturesque areas in San
Francisco. Crews, of the gaily painted
ﬁshing ﬂeet, tend their businesspcom-
pletely oblivious of the tourists’ inter—
est. A spirit of good fellowship pre<
vails among these men as they share
their boats, their gear and their pro-
ﬁts. Their naturalness is an education
and delight to the stranger. Along the
street are stands displaying shellfish
and at the curb, big, iron cauldrons
boil large freshly caught crabs for the
purchaser’s immediate or delayed con—
sumption. Neighboring restaurants

17

have captured this Old World atmos—
phere and presents it, and recently
caught dinners in a more fashionable
manner to their patrons.

The Latin Quarter is one of the
biggest tourist attractions in this city
because it is a section of many na—
tionalities. French, Negro, Spanish,
Portgugese and Italians are all found
here. These people are devoted to
the entertainment requirements of
its many visitors. Everyone turns to
its interesting district for a variety of
foods and cabarets. From bawdy ex—
amples of San Francisco’s hOSpitality,
one may turn to more elegance and
sophistication within a few short steps
in this fascinating part of the city.

San Francisco’s Chinatown is the
largest Chinese settlement outside the
Orient. It is an orderly section today.
The old Chinatown of brothels,
gambling houses, opium dens and
slums was destroyed in the great ﬁre

 

 

