The Negro Traveler’s Green Book

The Golden Gate W

San Francisco, Calif.

SAN FRANCISCO, the fabulous city by
the Golden Gate, offers a mixture
of adventure to the tourist.

This great metropolis of the West
is said to have become a city over-
night. In 1841, just thirty families
comprised the entire village now
known as San Francisco and in 1850
this same place recorded a population
of 25,000 persons of every race, creed
and color. Every able-bodied man on
receiving news of the precious dis-
1 covery made by one James W. Mar-
shall on the South Fork of the Ameri-
can River in January of 1848, hurried
. towards the Golden Gate in pursuit
of wealth. Many huge fortunes were
' amassed during this period. Since that
time, San Francisco has never had a
dull decade. Its life span has been
more exciting than that of many
Eastern cities, three times as old. The
tourist will observe how the warm
shadows of great events and vivid
people linger on in this city, keeping
it gay and carefree, wise and tolerant.
San Franciscans share a common love
of and desire to preserve their city’s
friendly, cosmopolitan way of life.

The strategic location of the city,
its magniﬁcent harbor and extensive
shipping make it a major port. It pos—
sesses one of the ﬁnest land—locked
harbors in the world. The crescent-
shaped street known as the EMBAR-
CADERO, is lined with piers and
wharves, which parellels the bay shore

for three and one half miles. Here,
amid the seething activity of interna—
tional trade, the newcomer may stop
and pay tribute to the incredible beau—
ty of this harbor whose scenic splen—
dors, it is claimed, rivals Rio de
Janiero. Shipping from every quarter
of the globe testiﬁes of this city’s
industrial importance to its country
and the world. In the recent Paciﬁc
conﬂict this great port proved its
value in another way, by serving as the
principal embarkation point for serv-
icemen on their way to uphold the
American tradition of honor.

Geography is the element blamed
the most, for San Francisco’s peculiar
weather. The fog and cool summer
climate is caused when the heat of
the interior valleys sucks the fog and
cool air through the Golden Gate.
There is no great range of tempera—
ture so San Francisco might best be
described as enjoying a kind of per-
petual autumn. Rain falls mostly in
the winter half of the year dividing
the seasons into what would normally
be winter and summer. September
usually heralds San Francisco’s
bright, sparkling weather which usu-
ally lasts until Christmas. However,
it is suggested and very strongly too,
that a topcoat accompany the new-
comer any time of the year because
the mornings are cold and the even-
ings are laughingly described as cool.
Despite this strange weather San

 

 

