in. Patrom'zing These Places

of 1906. Today exotic, pagoda roof
tops and iron grilled balconies appear
side by side with American tin roofs
and straight fronts while men and
women of Old China, mingle harmo-
niously with those who have adopted
the latest occidental fashions. In ex-
ploring this part of San Francisco, the
visitor’s interest is captivated by the
Chinese Telephone Exchange. This is
a triple—pagoda building of traditional
Chinese architecture completed with
red and gold trimmed, lacquer dra-
gons. Here, attractive Chinese girls
operate the switchboards and are ac—
quainted with every subscriber’s street
and telephone number. Naturally these
girls have created a precedent in tele-
phone operating efﬁciency. Chinatown
on the whole is a section which Offers

ﬁne silks, carved ivory, lacquer-ware‘

and trinkets of every kind to the new-
comer along with famous eating
places and night clubs. The Chinese

(First cover photo)

CABLE CARS CL-IMB STEEP HILLS IN
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

Cable cars were invented in San Fran—
cisco, in 1873, to climb that city’s hills.
People ﬁnd them charming and festive
there today in their roller-coaster, bell-
Street cable line climbs from Market
Street to the top of Nob Hill,
ringing Here the
through the ﬁnancial district and China—
town On the way. On the height, where

once stood the palaces of railroad and
hotels and

passing

journeys. California

bonanza millionaires, are
apartment houses. From the Top of the
Mark there one enjoys superlative views
of the city, bay and surrounding ,hills.

New Year celebration brings forth,
with increased vigor, this section’s
best qualities. The streets are gaily
lined with ﬂower stands and every
shrine in every shop is lavishly deco-
rated while a spirit of genuine good
will and revelry prevails.

The tourist will ﬁnd San Francisco
adaptable, elastic and truly cosmopoli—
tan through the blending of the talents
provided by its people. The Italians’
love of operatic music, the Mexicans’
joy of festivals, the French ﬂair for
style and the Spaniards’ interest in
romance are tempered by the wisdom
of the Chinese, the vigor of Mid—
western and Eastern settlers and most
recently, the beloved humor and wit
of the Negro. They have all contrib-
uted to San Francisco’s mixed ﬂavor .
and provide it with a viewpoint un—
limited by horizons. Your trip to this
Western city will be a thrilling ex-
perience indeed.

(Fourth cover photo)

MISSION SAN FRANCISCO DE ASIS,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

With the founding Of Mission San Fran-
cisco de Asis, on June 29, 1776, San Fran—
cisco was begun—ﬁve days before the
Liberty Bell in Philadelphia rang forth
its historic tidings Situated near the
center of the city, it is popularly known
as Mission Dolores. Within its adobe
walls, which are four feet thick, one sees
ancient altars from Mexico and original
decorative work of Indian neophytes on
ceiling and walls. The “new church” next
the old mission, is an example of Spanish
architecture. On the other side of the
mission is its ancient cemetery, with its
“Grotto of Lourdes” and headstones re-
calling many notables and Others of San
Francisco’s early days.

18

 

