The N egro Traveler’s Green Book

munity in the entire west and as a
result are truly, exerting a sincere
effort to maintain this position. Many
Negroes are of course, proving their
value to this community daily and jus-
tifying the opportunities presented to
them.

In order to pursue their earnest
interest in the cultural side of life,
San Franciscans dig deep into their
private and public funds. Their city
is one of the very few where the sym—
phony and opera groups are main-
tained by the support of every tax—
payer. Its symphonic orchestra is one
of the foremost in the country while
its operatic group is fast gaining
recognition. It should be mentioned
that art of every kind is appreciated
year-round and include ﬁne art shows,
lectures, concerts and theatres, for the
tourist and art lovers’ beneﬁt. San
Francisco owns its Opera House
which is magniﬁcent and famed as
the place where the United Natio-ns’
charter was framed. It seems appro-
priate to San Franciscans that their
city, with its people from.many lands,
was the birthplace of an organization
designed to bring world peace.

The Cable Cars, which are a source
of amazement and amusement to the
newcomer, are a San Francisco insti—
tution. The city’s hills account for
their continued use. In their early
days of existence they enabled the
town to expand up these steep hills.
A beautiful marine view is enjoyed
by tens of thousands of San Fran-
ciscans from their living room win—
dows' atop these hills today, as a
result of these comic yet picturesque
vehicles. When a more modern meth-
od of transportation was proposed by
the Transportation Committee, it was
overwhelmingly voted against by a
group, who represented those San
Franciscans who, dismiss any incon-

14

veniences suffered enroute from their
homes on high to their downtown
ofﬁce and who, rather enjoy the thrill
of being crushed inside or hanging
helter-ske‘lter from any side of these
quaint cars.

San Francisco’s downtown area is
compact and accesible as clusters of

skyscrapers house banks, public build— .

ings and business houses. The shop-
ping district centers on Union Square
where department stores, smart wom—
en’s shops, furriers, ﬁne book stores,
hotels, theaters and specialty shops
can all be located. It is an area of
bustling activity and hurrying throngs,
punctuated on every other street cor-
ner by the inevitable sidewalk ﬂower
stand which offers a colorful assort—
ment of ﬂowers to the busy yet appre—
ciative passer—by. This downtown area
is not only the center of San Fran—
cisco’s economic life but also a point
from which every fascinating district
in the city can be found.

Like every famous city, San Fran—
cisco has its cherished land marks.
The Presidio, which was formerly a
garrison for Spanish soldiers is steep-
ed in California’s early history and
heads the list of interesting sights in
this city, as does Portsmouth Square,
known as San Francisco’s birthplace;
the Mission District, the very oldest
and most densely populated area; the
San Francisco Terminal Building and
the Donahue Monument. Of course
Lotta’s Fountain is a MUST on every
visitor’s list. It was formerly a water-
ing trough for horses presented by the
greatest Western belle of them all,

Miss Lotta Crabtree, to the city of. v

gold, during the exciting days of old.
This gift has been l1‘2i1’le()1‘lll€(l into
a drinking fountain for humans and

is the pride of‘every San Francis—,

Yacht Harbor, Seal

can’s heart.

Rocks and the

 

Fleishhacker Pool ‘

 “.r'xm w L» 

3 we; 35m,

ﬁrst!“ .-

, ,mz, ‘rui‘ 337:1: a: v‘t‘flm‘l‘ln‘mtv". :lmeV-‘t‘i'ﬁ

Rf. ‘71:"an@125???ﬁhfmF‘Tffﬁw1ll‘,‘fu y tact  Lg“, ‘

 if}??? a;

: - «2w.


 .' 

