NATIONWIDE HOTEL ASSOCIATION

The Nationwide Hotel Association’s bulletin is titled “Hospitality”
- and that is just what this great Negro hotel association means; plus
“Service.” They are organized to better serve the public—the millions
 of people who travel the year round for business and vacations.

.; The bulletin was received at our ofﬁce before we went to press and
y we .Want to quote to you excerpts of an address by Mr. Dykes Brookins,
natlonal president, at a reception held at the new Dunbar Hotel, Wash—
ington, D.C. entitled, “The Challenge to the Negro Hotel Owners.” “Today
we are making rapid strides in the ﬁeld of interracial relations. In almost
, every section of the country color barriers are being broken down. Segre-
;3 gation created the need for the Negro businessman as we know him.

3; Negroes in the past went into business to meet the needs of our people

 because other businessmen did not want our business. From the begin-
; ning we: planned only to serve the Negro public; we had a monopoly.
 As a result the Negro Businessman is not prepared to enter the market
3 serving all people. The N H A is aware of this problem and believes that
2 the salvation of the Negro business man and particularly in the hotel
2:i industry lies in raising standards. I am convinced the Negro traveler

I  would just as soon stop among his own if he could get—not comparable,

 but fair accommodations.
i Negro hotels are meeting this problem each year, the month of
 March is set aside as Clean Up-Paint Up Month and every member is

t 1: expected to take part and make a contribution to the success of this

 month—long campaign. Every hotel owner is expected to make some im—
' provement in his place.
. “Some will modernize the lobby—~others will install a new heating
f system or improve the plumbing. Some will replace old worn furniture——
. others will install new modern lighting ﬁxtures. Some will put in air—
conditioning—others will add private baths or install wall to wall carpet-
ing. All are expected to go through their hotels from top to bottom
with a list of items on a special form sent out from the main ofﬁce,
, thoroughly inspect and put in ﬁrst class working order.

“The month of April is set aside: as Public Inspection Month, when
the general public is invited to come and see the improvements that have

1 been made.

“Yes the program of the N H A is an ambitious one,” Brookins
stated, but one designed with the interest of the traveling public in
mind. “We want you to have conﬁdence in us, in our program, in our
i ability to see this thing through. A conﬁdence tempered with understand—
ing and patience; knowing that these problems which cannot be solved
overnight, are, nevertheless being given the very best attention that
organization and trained minds can give them.

“We want you to patronize those establishments who are members
of the NHA, because in spite of all the problems and handicaps, standards
are being raised, services are being improved, buildings are being modern—
ized and well equipped motels are being built throughout the country
where they are needed.

“When you are traveling, stop at a hotel, motel or guest house that
displays the NHA emblem—they are “Your friendly hosts from Coast
to Coast.” 69

 

