 

In 1947 the Green Book, originally known as The Negro Motorist
Green Book, A Classiﬁed Motorist and Tourist Guide, included listings
covering the United States and Alaska. In 1949 it expanded its listings
to Bermuda, Mexico and Canada. In 1952 it became known as The Negro
Travelers Green Book. Today with listings in South America and the
West Indies and future plans for European and West African circulation,
it has truly become an international travel guide.

In 1947 another valuable service was extended to Green Book read-
ers. This was the Vacation Reservation Service which enabled the public
to book in advance reservations to any hotel or resort listed.

Victor H. Green, a native New Yorker, is a man of tremendous drive
and energy. Retired in 1952 after 39 years of service as a letter-carrier
from the Post Ofﬁce Department. He is married to the former Alma Duke
of Richmond, Virginia. Tall well-built, always impeccably groomed, with
an easy affable manner. The Grover Whelan of our group as many Visitors
to his West 135th Street, New York office will verify.

The integrity with which he has always dealt with subsscribers and
advertisers in the past are evident today in View of competition. Certain
advertisers who cater directly to the traveling public, had at one time
allowed their account to lapse. The demand for the Green Book was so
persistent, that they in turn had to yield to the demands to provide the
requested c0pies.

He regrets the shortsightedness of most of our business men to see
the urgent need and value of advertising. “If Negro—owned business is
good” he says, “it can be better with advertising.” His philosophy is that
we can create our OWN “name brands.” We should) have the patience to
build. Build for ourselves and the future of our children. The Green Book
is the symbol of one man’s patience. Today, twenty years later, it is an
established business.

He deplores the apparent lack of interest among our young people
in the lucrative ﬁeld of advertising. The need of trained personnel is.
acute. He urges more youngsters to take advantage of the opportunities

offered. This in turn will create greater achievements in our business, ,

ventures.

As the editor, he experiences great satisfaction and encouragement
in receiving thousands of letters each year in appreciation of the Green
Book. Numerous visitors come into his office to off-er congratulations and
to leave their orders for the following year.

In the earlier years he personally travelled across the United States
to check the accuracy and conditions of places listed. Now, due to the
press of business, he can no longer make as many trips but must rely
on agents in the ﬁeld. Incidentally, there is still a great need for new
agents.

In looking ahead . . . a trip to the moon? Who knows? It may not
be so improbable as it sounds. A New York scientist is already offering

6

 

