 

”. . . TWO WEEKS WITH PAY"

Now that the brilliant mosaic of autumn’s artistry is splashed over
the countryside, we know that soon the winds will clear the way for the
ﬁrst snows of winter. Recently, indications are it is only the bears who
hibernate. Each year an increasing amount of people take their vacations
during the winter. Some follow the sun, the hardier of the species follow
the sports of “white gold.” Airlines and railroad ofﬁcials recognize this
new trend and geared their winter schedules accordingly. Even the ship-
ping lines’ winter cruises have come into their own again. Realizing this
the Green Book is offering some suggestions which may help in planning
your vacation.

If your trip is planned for the, sun—belt, your wardrobe may be pretty
much the same as for a summer vacation. Adding perhaps a lightweight
coat or wrap for chilly evenings. Casual but conservative sportswear
is in order. Keep the “city” look. Abroad it is the American tourists’
trademark. Cotton formals for dancing aboard ship or outdoor dancing

which is customary in the tropics.

If you are goin to ski or other winter resorts, heavy warm woolens
suitable for participant or spectator sports are advisable. Manufacturers
of winter sportswear recommmend that clothing made of a mixture of
cashmere and lamb’s wool provides greater warmth. Advice about basic
clothes can be obtained from your favorite department store.

Autumn tourists looking for a short—range week—end target out of

New York, will find that Uncle Sam has prepared many descriptive
pamphlets for their perusal. Here are a few: The Home of Franklin D.

Roosevelt National Historic Site (15 cents), Saratoga National Historical
Park (20 cents), Gettysburg National Military Park (25 cents), or the
Morristown, N. J. National Historic Park (20 cents).

If south-going, you can learn all about Fort Sumter National Monu-
ment, George Washington Birthplace National Monument, Shenandoah
National Park, Shiloh National Military Park, and many others through
the Government Printing Ofﬁce pamphlets, all at only a few cents a copy.

The Superintendent of Documents, U. S. Government Printing Ofﬁce,
Washington 25, D.C., supplies a check list free, called “National Park
Service.” Also another pamphlet entitled “For Your Vacation Pleasure.”
Order forms are attached and payment for documents desired should be
sent in cash, check or money order. “Recreational Areas of the United
States” is a guide to the nation’s scenic and historical attractions. This

sells for 35 cents.

_ If living or visiting in the Washington area, you are invited to the
book store of the Superintendent of Documents. It is on the ﬁrst ﬂoor of
the red brick government Printing Ofﬁce at North Capitol and G Streets,
a few blocks from Union Station. It is worth the trip to see, being the
largest of its kind devoted exclusively to the output of the United States

government publications.

54

; .\l1‘
1'!)

 

