 

Motorists going south of the border can now tour the new Paciﬁc
Highway from Nogales, Arizona to Guadalajara, Mexico. The route
passes through beautiful terrain, is completely paved and in good condi-
tion. The Inter-American Highway out Laredo, Texas and Mexico City
is one of the most popular routes for visitors. As in most Latin countries,
racial friction is almost nil. The Mexicans are friendly and eager to please
and entertain the visitor. As you will ﬁnd, many of our race went to
visit and returned to live there permanently.

A common inquiry about wintertime California is “what’s open?”
The answer is just about everything. No change from the usual summer
activities, including Sequoia and Yosemite National Parks. Since California
does its heavier tourist business in the summer, visitors will ﬁnd relief
from the seasonal tariffs of the specialized winter resort spots.

Principal highways are unaffected by winter weather. The major
exceptions are the Donner Pass area east of San Francisco, U. S. 395,
north along the eastern base of the Sierra Nevada range.

The average noon—time temperature in Los Angeles is about 65. In
the San Joaquin and Imperial Valleys, daytime temperatures vary be—
tween 75 and 85. The snide remarks of comedians about California’s smog
must be ignored, according to the Chamber of Commerce. The smog is
only a spasmodic nuisance, not a permanent ﬁxture by any means.

Construction has been completed on U. S. 27 and 83 from Decatur,
Ind. to Fort Wayne, Ind. and its in top condition.

The Skyline Drive in Virginia’s Shenandoah Valley National Park
will be kept open throughout the winter except when clogged with ice
and snow. This is the magniﬁcent 150 miles of Drive, between the north
entrance at Front Royal, south of Winchester and the South Entrance

where U. S. 250 crosses it.

U. S. 59 of Texas has been rebuilt and relocated between Victoria
and Laredo. The new roadway provides excellent connections between
New Orleans, Houston and Laredo, the gateway to the Inter-American
Highway leading through Mexico.

Colorado will keep open all winter U. S. 21 which crosses the

Continental Divide.

The recently opened 241 miles of Ohio Turnpike carries trafﬁc across
Northern Ohio from Pennsylvania line near Patersburg, Ohio. It brings
Chicago and the West some 3‘ hours closer for the Eastern motorist and
permits almost uninterrupted travel to and from New York via The New
Jersey and Pennsylvania Turnpikes to the Indiana State line. It links
with major routes to the Northwest, Salt Lake City and San Francisco.
It improves connection to points in Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois.

Main routes to Florida, the Ocean Parkway U. S. 1 are in good
condition. However, the travel department of the Automobile Club sug—
gests if planning the. 1,350—mile journey from New York to Miami,

allow four full days including 3 overnight st0ps.

For those who think of California in terms of palm trees and beaches
only, let it be noted that at nearly the entire length of the State is the

55

 

