 

a)“. V a... ...«. w. .x. Hrmv—u a! i . “r,”

 

 

MANY HAPPY RETURNS ._

By Novera C. Dashiell

An anniversary is like a birthday. Both happy occasions tinged with
expectant hopes and dreams. After twenty years in circulation there are
many things to wax sentimental about in retrospect. The conception, the
ﬁrst stumbling steps, difﬁculties in adolescence, then the ripening years of
maturity; when at long last the realization of fulﬁlment. On this the
threshold of its twentieth year, the editor pledges anew to make each
issue of your Green Book better than the one before. Retrospection may
be for historians but since anniversaries are celebrated with a certain
amount of modest pride, allow me to present to you the story of your
travel guide and the man behind the book——the Green Book that is.

Our leaders and educators look forward to the day when as a racial
group, we will enjoy the rights and privileges guaranteed us, but as of
now withheld in certain areas of these United States. With this in mind,
the idea was conceived by Victor H. Green, publisher-owner of the unique
Negro Motorist Green Book about 1932. The idea crystallized when, not
only himself but several friends and acquaintances complained of the
difﬁculties encountered; oftentimes painful embarrassments suffered which
ruined a vacation or business trip.

Subsequently in 1986, along with a friend, George 1. Smith, the dream
became a reality. The ﬁrst editions were published. After two years
however, Mr. Smith left the organization. William H. Green, brother of

the publisher, joined the staff in 1938 and remained as editor until his
death in 1945.

The ﬁrst issues in 1936 of the Green Book were published locally.
The demand was so great that by the following year it became a national
institution. Endorsed and in use by the United States Travel Bureau,
Idlewild Chamber of Commerce of Michigan; in use by the American
Automobile Association and its hundreds of afﬁliated clubs throughout
the country, Travel Bureaus, Bus Lines and other organizations. One of
their greatest enthusiasts has been James A. Jackson, Special Repre—
sentative of the Esso Standard Oil 00., who has used these guides, has
helped it to prosper and has personally directed an all out campaign to
enlighten the traveler about the numerous ﬁne Negro business places
throughout the country, at the same time while attending to his duties

. . all interested in better service to the traveling public.

A supplementary directory of summer resorts was also issued as the
Green Book Vacation Guide. The Green Book which had by now become
indispensable to the Negro traveller grew quickly in circulation, due to
the growth of the motoring public. Summer and winter resorts which
previously depended on the word—of-mouth advertising soon found it highly
proﬁtable to have a Green Book listing.

r'
0

