    

Sierra Nevada, towering over 14,000 feet, supplemented by a number P0
~of smaller ranges. There a more than 100 winter sport centers less than
an hour’s drive from Los Angeles or San Francisco. In, 1960 Squaw
Valley, ﬁve miles from Tahoe City, on Lake Tahoe, will be the site of

the Winter Olympics. Two main winter sport centers in Northern Cali— ‘ p0
fornia are along the U. S. 40 and U. S. 50. South of the U. S. 40-530 :
is the Mother Lode region. Nearby is Cold Spring and Bald Mountaln,  R
named “Little Sweden.” . e
The near tragic heart attack of President Eisenhower, his subsequent ' QC]

hospitalization and convalescence brought Denver daily to our breakfast
tables for several weeks. His rapid and obviously complete recovery, is 1
due in part no doubt to the exhilarating climate of Denver.

Its phenomenal snowfall each season makes it one of the greatest
skiing centers of the nation. Its season runs from October to June.
Everything west of Denver for 200 miles is ski country, much of it
bordering the Continental Divide, at an altitude of 12,000 feet or more.

i
For the protection of its skiers, the Southern Rocky Mountain Ski , m
l

 

Association, announced it will distribute the $10—a-year ski accident insur-
ance underwritten by Lloyds of London. This policy covers the skiers
from the time he leaves Denver to ski, until his return.

Skiing anyone? If you have the slightest affection for the outdoors i .
you can learn to maneuver a pair of skis over a minor hill in three or i“
four lessons. Four million ski enthusiasts make skiing a billion dollar
industry. It is not merely a sport for the well—to-do or the well conditioned
athlete. It is satisfying sport for all. Many resorts provide teachers for
the neophyte. Lake Placid, New Hampshire, Laurentian Mountains in ; ,
Quebec, to mention a few, invite the ski—minded public. Many of these  \e
resorts offer not only participating events but also spectator sports such A

as Winter Carnivals, bob—sled and dog sled racing.

Travel to the ski regions is speeded by the increased availability of
Thruway arteries. From Harriman (Interchange 16), where there is ac-
cess to Bear Mountain via U. S. 9W, to the western terminus near Buf— I
falo, nearly every Interchange offers a handy route to one or more of 1
New York’s ski areas. 1

Canadian resort owners call their abundant supply of snow “white '
gold.” As early as November, in the province of Quebec the snowfall i
averages about 3 inches each year. Reaches its maximum of more than I
30 inches in February. ,

The province’s main winter playground is the age—old Laurentian ‘
Mountains north of Montreal. All types of inns, from the ultra luxurious w: ii.
to the simple and sporty have been built within the past few years. 3

The province of Ontario is running a close. second in its bid as a  (l1
winter resort area. Not far from Toronto and Hamilton, where large l
Negro communities are to be found, there are 1,000 acres devoted entirely 
to winter sports. Floodlighted hills for night} ski—ing are one of the main 
features. At Huntsville, 140 miles north of Toronto, there is the start .
of a 100—mile wilderness ski trail. North Bay and Collingwood also have 

excellent downhill runs. 1, 
56 _ w.

 

