“‘7‘ > ‘* ."‘ vet'-

KEEP THIS GUiDE wrm 

 

 

JAMES A. JACKSG

By E. Fsederic Morrow
Branch Coordinator, N.A. A.C.P.

of tile

The Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, one largest business enterprises

when it announced that James A.

in the world, created a StéllStLLlOll back in 1934
Jackson had been retained as a special representative to conduct research and
promotion work in the Negro market. This forward step by big business was

welcomed by the colored public.

has him advancing from one

James A. Jackson‘s whole colorful life found
constructive position to another, each with greater potentialities for service than the

last.

He started out in life as a waiter, bellboy, dining room employee, and minstrel

performer in the early days. He was the first Negro bank clerk [in Illinois then
employed by Jennings Ileal Estate and Loan Company, Chicago. This was in 1904.
First Provisional
He was

During the \Vorld I'Var he was commissioned Adjutant of the
Regiment, as the Fifteenth was originally known when it was Organized.

the only one of two Negroes ranking as Agent—In— Charge, U. S. Military Intelligence,

during th e War.

In 1933, Mr. Jackson resigned as Business Specialist from the U. S. Dept. 01
accepted the position as

Commerce in Washington, D. C. On April 7, 1934: he
Special RepresentatiVe with the Esso Marketecrs, the selling organization of

Standard Oil Company of New Jersey and its affiliates, which comprises the Standard
Oil of Penn, The Standard Oil of Louisiana and the Colonial Beacon Oil Company,

Inc.

As special Represenative his duties are with the advertising and Trade promotion
services to the Market Research Dept. covering
the interest of his company. Of the 830 Dealers in

depts., with some joint

about 25,000 miles a year in
the Country 312 are Negroes.

These companies operate in eighteen states, and by arrangement for ex
change of courtesy cards, recognition with fourteen other oil companies enables

customers to travel over the whole of the United Stat:_~s and Canada on the courtesy

cards of their issue to patrons qualifying for credit ("fullSitlt’ratiOlL

The Standard Oil Company of New Jersey has given every reason for the Negro
to look upon the Company and its affiliates with favor.

accords courteous service, and members of the race have found

The
employment in positions of consequence and responsibility.

com pan

 

.tn

 

