 
 
 

sion to provide transportation to all
cities it previously served in Europe,
North Africa, the Middle East and

India, plus Kuwait and the Azores.

In the six years that it has been ﬂy-
ing overseas, TWA has steadily in-
creased its services and equipment and
has added new cities to its routes.

‘ “ ' TWA has also become the lowest-cost

 

Interline agreement with other car—
riers enable TWA to book passengers
and cargo from the United States
cities on a single routing to almost
any other point in the world.

Noting continuous growth in its
brief 26-year history, Trans World
Airlines is expecting 1952 to set an

 

 

. craft, including 68 "four—engined Con—

 

 

trans-Atlantic operator of the United all—time high in trafﬁc volume.

States airlines. Its ﬂeet of 165 air- , ,
For further information concern-

32,000 miles O'f ing this Company’s service write,
Trans World Airlines, 80‘ East 42nd
Street, New York, N. Y. or telephone
LExington 2-7100.

stellations, cruises
airways in the United States and 17
overseas nations, serving 80 cities al-
together.

' Hill-3'13I'll-IREEI-IHI-II-ll-ﬂ'll-ﬂ-ll-II-ﬂ-ﬂ-I l1':'.'-::-:I-I:".'I'll-l:-:II:H1':I":I'll-13-3-1I'll-3':I'll-Il-ﬂ-II-Il-ﬂ-Il-ﬂ-i

EXPLANATION

No travel Guide is perfect! The changing conditions as all know, contribute
to this condition, particularly in the United States.

, The listings in this Guide are carefully checked and, despite this, past ex—
. periences have shown that our minute inspection had failed to notice errors which
, would be an inconvenience to the traveller. Therefore, at this point may we em-
phasize that these listings are printed just as they are presented to us and we
would like your cooperation and understanding, that the publishers are not
responsible for miscalculations or errors after this check has been made.

We appreciate letters from you, our patrons, donating advice and addresses
of places not listed herein, that would be in accord with our level. ‘We also wel-
come adverse critisism, in that, it might improve our standards, and, in the end,

afford more comfortable conditions for you and others.

This Guide Book is not sold on newsstands but in bookstores. They make
appreciative gifts to friends and neighbors. Inasmuch as the sale of these Guide
Books depend mostly upon the friend-to-friend oral advertising system, it
_would be particularly interesting if more of our patrons would pass the word
along concerning our ”Green Book”.

For further information concerning this matter you may contact our agents

‘or the publishers: Victor H. Green 8 Co., Leonia, N. J.
7

*«_,__~..Wwa:mevﬁs.aay*utm~ww~w wwwﬂ‘t A. .
.

 

 

