:1”: . .-

3i
i}

 

 

inmate, 9W

Louisville, Kentucky

“Louisville”, says the Kentucky
W.P.A. guidebook of 1939, “is a bor-
der metropolis that blends the com-
merce and industry of a Northern
city with the Southern city’s enjoy-
ment of living”. It might have said
that Louisville is a big, friendly town
notable by outward reputation as the
home of the Kentucky Derby, ﬁne
bourbon and beautiful women!

There are many miles of federal
and state highways cutting through
Kentucky’s lovely scenes invitingly
beckoning the vacation-motorist to
pause, reﬂect and enjoy Louisville’s
famous charm. This city, of the col-
orful Bluegrass State, is blessed with
a rare blend of history, progress and
tradition that offers much interest to
the visitor.

Louisville is situated on the left
bank of the Ohio River and lies on a
low level plain surrounded by low
hills in the south and east. In general,
Louisville is laid out in the form of
the letter “T”. Its top is approxi-
mately three miles wide, extending
nine miles along the River and the
stem projects at right angles toward
the south into the residential high-
lands.

During the War of Independence,
Virginia conﬁscated the territory that
is now the present site of Louisville,
from a British supporter, and in 1779
gave this land to Kentucky. General
George Rogers Clark, established the
ﬁrst settlement there as an outpost
against the British. It was named
Louisville as a gesture of apprecia-
tion for the aid given by King Louis
XVI of France to the Colonists.

24

 

   
 

 

The falls of the Ohio River deter-

mined the location of Louisville and .

contributed immensely to its early suc-
cess because Nature, in her wise and
providential works. was kind enough
to place one of the best harbors in the
entire course of River at her disposal.
Here, in pioneer days the broad curve
of the Ohio River above the falls,
enabled upriver and downriver boats
to exchange cargoes. Every kind of
boat crowded the harbor and the two
thousand miles of waterway between
Pittsburgh and New Orleans was
studded with their pride. Louisville
soon assumed the character of a com-
mercial city with the westward ex-
pansion and the increasing importance

of river trafﬁc. This river port of i

Kentucky’s northern border became , . 

the wholesale and distributing center v

for a growing agricultural and min-
ing area. The construction of the
Portland Canal around the falls in
1830 brought on a temporary depres-
sion. The proﬁtable portaging business
vanished because the government sys-
tem of locks and dams reduced the
falls substantially. They are no longer
impressive. In 1929 complete canaliza-
tion ended permanently a history that
made Louisville lucrative to early-day
pilots, porters and towline hands.

Transportation Facilities
Since the ﬂat boat and pack—horse

days of its pioneer history, Louis-‘

ville’s transportation has evolved
through steamboat and turnpike fa-
cilities to the present era of railway,
highway, waterway, and airway trans—
portation. Nine railroads serve the

city at present namely, the Baltimore, >
and Ohio; the New York Central; the _ ‘

 

 

 

 

