POINTS OF INTEREST IN NEW YORK CITY

THE EDIPIRE STATE BUILDING is the tallest office building in the world
and is situated at 5th Avenue between 33rd and 34th Streets. The site is nearly
2 acres and rises 102 stories above the ground and is 2 stories under the ground.
It houses more than 25.000 tenants. Its elevators rise at the tremendous speed 01
200 feet per second. While its express cars carry one to the 80th floor in one minute.

ELLIS ISLAND is the first landing place of the immigrant and is located in
the upper bay of New York harbor. This island may be visited by securing a pass
from the Commissioner of Immigration.

CATHEDRAL OF ST. JOHN THE DIVINE, located at Amsterdam Avenue.
110th to 113th Streets, is America’s greatest church edifice. When completed it
will be the largest Gothic Cathedral in the world. The seating capacity is 15.000
and room for 40,000 standing. It has been in the building for the last 61 years
the corner stone being laid in 1892. Visitors are always welcome and services are
held practically all day.

THE GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE, over the Hudson River, is the long-
est suSpensiOn bridge in the East, connecting New York City at 179th Street
and Fort Lee, N. J. It is used by millions of people annualy, and is the Northern
route to motorists going South frOm the North. Its towers, which stand 80 feet
higher than the Washington Monument can be seen for miles around. The New
York tower has the “Will Rogers Mem-orial Beacon," which serves as a guide to
aviators.

THE THEATRICAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, where all of the largesi
and best plays are staged and produced, is located in the heart of the city. Here
you will find the largest and best showhouses in the world from 39th to 52nd
Streets and 8th to 6th Ave.

The colored show houses are located in Harlem: The Lafayette at 7th and
132nd Street; a W. P. A. houSe and the Apollo at 125th near 8th Avenue are the
largest.

TIIE GENERAL POST OFFICE is the largest post office in the world.
covers 2 city blocks from Slst Street to 33rd and from 8th to 9th Avenue.
houses 18,000 empIOyees, makes 26 collectiOns and 3 to 4 deliveries a day.

THE HOLLAND TUNNEL is the bUSiest vehicular tunnel in the world. Starts
at Canal Street in New York and ends at 12th Street, Jersey City; N. J. This tun-
nel contains 2 tubes: one for West bound and the other for East bound traffic:
each 2 tubes wide. The toll is 500 per car.

THE TRI-BOROUGH BRIDGE, which connects three of the boroughs of Grea-
ter New York (Manhattan, Bronx, Queens). This bridge is 17% miles long and is the
most direct route to the New York World’s Fair. The toll charge is 250.

CHINATOVVN, at the Bowery and Chatham Square, is New York's Oriental
section Sight seeing busses will take visitors there from 'Times square. Showing
the Bloody Corner at .Pell and Mott Streets which has been the place of countless
murders caused by the rivalry of the Leong and Hip Sing 'Tongs.

THE HAYDEN PLANETARIUM, which is located in the American Museum
of Natural History at 81st Street and Central Park West can be seen “The Drama
of the Skies.” The most interesting feature of he Planetarium is the “Hall of the
Sun.” which shows the Solar System.’l‘here are six performances daily starting at
11 A. M. except Sunday and holidays. On these days the show starts at 10 A. M.
The admission is 25c, 11 to 5 o’clock; evenings 8:30, 350; 25c at 5 P. M. Saturday,
Sunday and holidays. Children under 17 years of age 150 at all times. Reserved
seats 500 and 600.

ROCKEFELLER CENTER largest building project ever undertaken by pri-
vate capital. Is situaed between 5th and 6th Avenue at 48th and 51st Streets, and
occupies 12 acres. The tallest building in the group is the R. C. A. Building and is
70 stories tall and houses the National Broadcasting Co. On the West of Rocke-
feller Center is the Radio City Music Hall R. K. 0. Building R. C A.. Building west
and the Center Theatre, also Radio City which is named in honor of the Radio
Corporation of America. On the Fifth Avenue side will be found the Le Maison
Francaise, British Empire Building, Italian Buildng and the six story extension
of the International Building.

28

 

