 

A CANADIAN TRIP
By
BAXTER F. JACKSON

It was Sunday early in July that we left the city with the voices
of the Southernaires coming in over the car’s radio. We struck out on
the West side Drive and passing across the Hendrick Hudson T‘oll Bridge
the long ribbon—like road stretched before ‘us and the surrounding terri—
tory assured us that we were getting into open country at last. The
ﬁne weather, the sun pleasantly warm and the breezes kind made motor—
ing with the top down something well worth all the sacriﬁces of the
past year.

To attempt to describe New England with its pretty farm houses
and white birches is something for a greater master of description
than yours truly.

We rolled along without any event until the urge for food stopped
us about 6 RM. After a tasty meal we moved along until about 9 RM.
which time found us in Hanover, N. H. Without any trouble we found
a place that ﬁtted our budget and went to sleep in a pleasant room with

twin beds and a shower. The place was ﬁne and we needed the two
blankets.

The next morning we went about seeing the Dartmouth College

Campus and the Town, sending a few postcards to mark the progress
of the trip.

Our next stop was in Derby Line, a little Village in Vermont, to
pick up some ﬁlms, as a result of packing too hurriedly. Next came the
Canadian border and customs declarations. The process was simple and
in a short time we were on our way. On seeing the ﬁne road in front
of us we began to make a mental calculation as to how long it would
take ‘us to get into Quebec. However, the road being a back one which
was our choice to avoid traffic, succeeded in accomplishing just that but
left much to be desired as a road; however, we pulled out of the bad
spots soon enough and with the motor singing and the radio doing the
same in French and English and with the pure air and sunshine we
soon forgot about the bad stretch of roadway and promptly settled
down to almost run out of gas which brought us face to face with the
“Imperial Gallon”. We learned we needed less of this than the U. S.
kind but as we did not speak enough French it cost us a little spilled
gas, and as this was sort of a back road the peOple did not speak
English “too mneh”.

We reached Levis about 5:30 RM. and crossed on the Ferry to
Quebec by about 6:30. We found a nice hotel and bathed and dressed,—
then we were on our way to the Chateau Frontenac for dinner by 8:30.
Finding the dining room closed, we went into the grill and had a delic—
10118 meal served overlooking Dufferen Terrace. After dinner we strolled
along to see What the Town had to offer.

The next day we made an early start, picked up the car and hired
one of the chauffeur-guides to take us around. These chauffeur-guides

29

 

