    
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
    
  
     
   
 
   
   
   
       
        
   
 
   
    
     
    
   
   
   
     
       
    
 
   
   
     
     
    

are licensed by the Province and are thoroughly capable in every res-
pect. They gave us a history lesson that will be well remembered. I
believe I learned much more about Quebec than any other town I have
visited. There are so many things that are diﬁerent and quaint,——it is
a worthwhile place to visit. Everywhere the people were most courteous
to us. If we asked a question and we were not understood (which was
seldom), they would not leave us until they deﬁnitely found out what
was wanted. On one occasion I was taken a block out of the way by a
young man to a police officer who then directed me where I wanted to

for asking him and went about his way,——it‘ seemed as if he was doing
his c1vic duty. (P.S. He did accept an American cigarette though, as
they are pOpular there. If you have been there you know why,———if not,

ask someone).

 

 

 

 

free goods, but not having a loose hundred dollars you can see I had

nothing to worry about. However it is still the best way /to beat an
argument if any. We reached the customs at J ackman, Maine and went

through with no trouble.

 

Coming into the State of Maine we moved along the Pine Tree
trail. It is as beautiful a bit of forest-land as can be seen anywhere
and enough to hold your interest thoroughly.

Evening brought us to our day’s destination,——a little cottage on
the road to Bar Harbor. A good night’s rest made us ready and eager
to eat almost anything including the tablecloth. The meal was excellent
and I do remember the good whole milk and lovely rich cream. Our
hostess explained that her husband ran a dairy. She was proud of her

farm—products, and justly so.

Our purpose in going to Bar Harbor was to ascend Mt. Cadillac
some 1532 Feet high. We had a perfect day for the view was clear and
I made so many “ﬁlter shots” that I thought in the} end my ﬁlm would
look like a meteorological survey but it came out well enough and the
ﬁlters just cut the haze enough to make a clear ﬁlm. The tourists
we met were pleasant and easy talkers. We exchanged views on many
interesting subjects. Pleasant as it was we had to leave to continue our
journey to Old Orchard our next stop- We made a mistake in the road
and came in on the wrong side of town andl got tied up in a race track
crowd,——reminded me of Fifth Avenue. we arrived, notwithstanding,
in time for dinner. We then went out on the boardwalk, had a pleasant
stroll and enjoyed some of the amusements that were offered.

The next morning we drove to a tourist camp that we had passed
on the way, known as the Danish Village. The architecture had im—
pressed me and I thought it would look good on ﬁlm. The houses or
cabins were built as they are in Denmark, with the crooked windows

and doors, and with names over each. house to give the impression that
such people as Hans Christian Anderson and other famous Danes were

92

.30

