a.
‘4‘

(22+? ‘7 — (Y

THE ESTABLISHED 1936

WILLIAM H. GREEN
NEGRO MOTORIST EDITOR

GREEN BOOK

INTRODUCTION

The idea of “The Green Book” is to give the Motorist and Tour-
ist a Guide not only of the Hotels and Tourist Homes in all of the
large cities, but other classiﬁcations that will be found useful wherever
he may be. Also facts and information that the Negro Motorist can
use and depend upon.

There are thousands of places that the public doesn’t know about
and aren’t listed. Perhaps you might know of some? If so send in their
names and addresses and the kind of business, so that we might pass it

‘ along to the rest of your fellow Motorists.

You will ﬁnd it handy on your travels, whether at home or in
some other state, and is up to date. Each year we .are compiling new
lists as some of these places move, or go out of business and new busi—
ness places are started giving added employment to members of our race.

When you are traveling mention “The Green Book” so as to
let these people know just how you found out about their place of

business. If they haven’t heard about This Guide, tell them to get in
touch with us.

If this Guide is useful, let us know, if not tell us also, as we
appreciate your criticisms.

If any errors are found, kindly notify the publishers so that
they can be corrected in the next issue.

' Published yearly in the month of April by Victor H. Green.
Publication Office—Leonia, N. J.,-—William H. Green, Editor.
Advertising Office—938: St. Nicholas Ave, New York City, N. Y.

V Copyrighted —— 1941 by Victor H. Green. Manuscripts submitted for
publication should be sent to 938 St. Nicholas Ave. New York, N. Y.,

i and must be accompanied by return postage. No liability can be assumed
for the loss or damage to manuscripts although every possible precau-

. tion will be taken.

District Advertising Representatives :—-—

Western Representative—Carson Comedy, 3278 E. 128th St.,
Cleveland, Ohio.

Penn. & N. J. District—Howard W. Williams, 14 Trent St.,
Trenton, N. J.

Subscription: Twenty—ﬁve cents per copy.
Advertising: For rates, Write to the publisher.

Last forms close on March 15th. We reserve the right to reject
any advertising which in our opinion that does not conform to our
‘ standards.

 

 

