 

“PROJECT . . . . FUN"

Novera C. Dashiell

Tensions created by the conflict between East-West ideologies and
resultant threats of nuclear warfare, have caused varying degrees of be-
haviorism in our nation. President Kennedy has told us that our genera-
tion, and possibly the next must expect to live on this edge of fear rather
than bow to the will of demagogues. To survive, we must be constant to
our national goals and ideals on all levels. In our opinion, just as a good
vacation provides respite from a tedious or demanding job, so must recrea-
tion and travel serve as a safety vaIVe to our collective sanity. A vaca—
tion now canbe regarded as not only necessary, but of therapeutic value.
Exchange of travel should also create better understanding between the

peoples of the world. Fear is an emotion we experience only of the
unknown.

This writer is the only member of our staff who is still earthbound.
The American Medical Association assures the public: “If you can walk,
you can fly." Travel by air is found to be the best and fastest mode of
transportation. Particularly if your vacation is for a limited time, or, busi—
ness appointments must be kept on short notice. Pressurized cabins of air-
lines have minimized the possibility of complications for even the traveler
who suffers from controlled sinus, diabetes, asthma or heart disease. For the
earthbound like myself, thank goodness, there is still excellent transporta-
tion by car, bus, train and boat.

In this jet-age, when travel to different climatic areas in a few hours is
possible, the clothing designers have become th travelers’ best friend ~—
next to the travel agent of course. Ensembles in ‘layers' to make your own
costume and create your individuality has been developed to a fine art.
The co-ordinated look is out. Separates, in the neutral colors of the Classics

are back. Camel, grey, black and white glen plaids, rust and moss; these ‘

colors can also be combined. Starting with a basic dress, (it can be the
little ‘nothing' dress) ending with a tweed or leather fleeced-lined coat;
sleeveless suede jacket or jerkin, maybe a sweater-jacket. Considering your
ultimate destination, a pair of light weight tapered slacks. This outfit can
jet thru space and meet any climatic and social occasion by simply adding
or subtracting. For evenings in the tropics, a stole of fabric or wool, colder
regions one of the fur of your choice.

You must plan and save toward a vacation. An haphazard vacation
is no fun. Take with you a genuine interest, an open mind ——- leave the
critical one at home —— and most important take MONEY. Preferably Ameri—
can Express Cheques. They also provide a World-Wide Credit Card service.
If you go overseas, travel lightly. You'll be surprised at the beautiful articles
of clothing, jewelry and perfumes you may purchase at a minimum. For the
woman Who loves exquisite things for the home, there can be found bone
china, silverware and crystals sold tax free on the Open Market. If your
purchases are to be shippedlater, be sure to tell Customs about it onyour

return so their value be declared toward your exemption. Your conscience '

need not bother y'Ou aboutpurchases overseas. Our government has re-

laxed its travel restrictions to this country. The Europeans will be spending
as much here as you will abroad.

 

 

 

