 

 

_ ::::

.....

  

iv.
.....

.M‘
.....

The off—season rates for travel to Europe start in October and ends in
March. This period is an ideal time. You'll get the opportunity to meet
more people as individuals rather than during the hectic tourist months.
For the musically minded, the exciting ballet, opera and theatre season
opens then. For the fashion conscious woman, some of the famous designers
of Paris show their collections in Ianuary. Gastronomically, gourmets and
even gourmands take note, Paris is hard to beat. Max Lerner the American
philosopher, said we are living in a time of the Americanization of Europe.
We know a number of our race who have a long standing love affair with
the tempestuous city of Paris. Their hearts have lingered there long after

they have returned hom‘e. (

If time does not permit you to travel to far away places, there is always
the Carribbean. From New York or Florida, you may visit the sun-drenched
islands of Bermuda, Barbadoes, Trinidad, to mention a few. Also not for-
getting Little Switzerland of the Carribbean — the Virgin Islands. For sheer
relaxed pleasure, may we suggest taking one of the cruises offered by
various Steamship Companies. One can figure on the minimum of $25.00
per day. You ‘live’ on the ship. The companies make special effort for
your comfort and entertainment. Where you are going is secondary to how
you are going there. Perhaps you are the. adventurous type and want to l
get away from the well beatenoft—traveled track. If you are, ask the .
Green Book or your travel agent for a list of the smaller little known islands
in the Carribbean. They offer attractive accommodations at“~lower rates
along with almost personalized service. They are able to do this because

they are bypassed by the mass of the tourist traffic.

Still nearer home, is Canada, our neighbor to the North. The province
of Quebec is famous for winter sports and festivals. Ottawa, the capital
city of Canada, and site of its government is situated in the province of
Ontario. Tours are conducted of most of its legislative and historical
buildings. The mountains and lake regions of this same province provides
excellent game for the hunter and the fisherman. Further west are the
beautiful cities of Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Winnipeg.

Maybe you have often wondered Why people attend bullfights. What is
the motivation? Well, on a Sunday afternoon in Mexico City, just follow the
crowd to the ‘corrida' and satisfy that curiosity. There you are likely to see
some of the world's greatest matadors display their skill at this intriguing
sport before delirious spectators. If bullfights leave you cold, there is rac—
ing in the huge Hipodromo de las Americas said to be one of the most
beautiful on this Continent. Over 50,000 Americans live in this city, so
language will be no problem. Again here as in Europe, is the patina of
the Americanization process on a culture Which is predominantly Spanish-
Indian. You'll notice this in the clean modern lines of the new apartment
houses and office buildings. In the smart supper clubs and the outlying
beaches. However if you are seeking the ‘real' Mexico you will find it in
the markets wher bargaining is an advanced technique. In the incredibly
beautiful "Floating Gardens of Xochimilco", the elaborately carved facades . E
of the Churches and Cathedrals. The colorful religious festivals and pro-

cessions which are almost a daily occurrence.

Wherever you may decide to spend your vacation, near or far, may
we extend our best wishes for a safe, enjoyable and healthy one. Pray that
we all enjoy a peaceful world with our loved ones.

5

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

_. MW...” .zﬁ‘

 

    

