I xtend horizontally from fender to
fender, enhancing a lOWer, broader
appearance.

Other exterior changes include a.

21119” hood ornament and a more elabo-
rate rear deck ornamentation. In ad-
d1tion a complete line of colors will
be available in the long-wearing,

"urable Ford» synthetic enamel paints.
I_1;5Luxury and eye—appeal are accen-
uated in the interiors. Instrumentation
rs generally the same, but the styling

“1111 color schemes of the instrument)

elare new. , II
Upholstery Will be available in
.‘Oha‘lr- broadcloth of several shades.

ration wQOd grain panels have
en way to subdued panels that

Durable, eye-appealing art—leather
recorates the door panels and interior

"Zin'improved ride and better road-
Iility, especially at high speeds “in

Oss winds or on curves is assured by.
e Use of improved-type springs and ‘

I ock absorbers and the addition of a
ear? ~enId sway bin.

The thickness of the spring leaves
“halt-J-been reduCed and their number
anoreased.

Shock. absorbers have improved oil»

e 1’s. to prevent loss 0f ﬂuid.

The brakes also have received con-

erable attention. They are new and g

equire less pedal pressure. They are
,asierto adjust and feature a ﬂoating
1y e7ishoe that seats itself.

Lincoln—type hand brake lever has

‘Ibeen adopted as standard q'plftfe

on all Ford Models.

Radiator brackets have'igbeen ecle
signed to prevent radiator, come
from’ breaking and causing leakg,
In adzd‘itiOn, the hood latch-1- 'has'tee
changed to a stamping Ito elimi’?
possibility of breakage. ‘

Other improvements are the us: of
‘self— -locking nuts . wherever possible-
to eliminate the necessity for using
cotter pins; a tool bag that is made
from artiﬁcial leather in place of bur-
lap, and a car jack 0f ratchet type de-

Slgn. The latter replaces the fr1ct1o-I1IiI\
type formerly used. ' ' "

Improved cooling has been achieved

“by the adoption of a new radiator

pressure cap that maintains a con-
stant pressure of ﬁve pOunds 1n51de
the 1adiator. Evaporation is reducéd‘

I and winter anti— freeze preserved. Ford

is ﬁrSt in» the low-priced ﬁeld to in?
corporate this feature in regular pro
duction.

Aluminum pistons equipped with

four rings Will be standard 611 all?

models. This, Coupled with :z’anﬂim-‘V
proved, rear main bearing seal, Willa:
effect further economies in oil“ con-:3
sumption and prevent loss, / ' H 'l

1A new standardin fuel economy has
been achieved despite an increase in /
horsepower. Higher engine compres-
sion, a change in the engine- -axle ratio :
and the adoption of a new carburetor _
has made this possible., ' ' if

1/ ~

Longer life for the camshaft timing»;
gear has been obtained by changing

over to aluminum.

 

