    

.br: 7 hti‘f‘uture ithhe heavy powerrplant ~

{ﬂ ‘d,9 i. e. airplanes, sea-going, vessels,
trains and Special power plants requir-
,1’,,gi"'1,,ooo or more horsepower. ’
‘C’Advantages of the gas turbine are:
“compactness, fewer-moving parts, low
‘ ,asirn‘ii-t'ial cost and weight, ability to use
""‘i-V-lowr'volatile fuels. Chief disadvantages
fare;- Higher fuel consumption and
'i__‘_:their inability, in the present state of
fidevelopment, to be produced satisfac-
9,thin as small poWer units.

TRANSMISSIONS - ‘
 Mr. James says that “easier to shift”
“transmissions are on. their way. Clutch
pedals are likely to disappear on all
impdels in the near future. Helis not
sure that the gear shift lever will dis-
.app‘earl entirely, although smaller,

~t‘IaSier-to-manage levers are deﬁnitely

59in the picture. The matter of selec-
litivity‘ is something motorists must de-
_TV‘Cide. Do they want a transmission
 that is fully automatic or do they want
7; toexercise some choice in‘the matter?
 .Semij-a'utomatic and fully automatic
transmissions are alreadfy a reality.
 FUELS "
 The cars of the ‘future Will deter-
“ mine the kind of fuel we get accord-
 j ing to Mr. James. (He points out that
 a car lasts seven years; a fuel only
” seven weeks from reﬁnery to engine.'

 LIGHT METAL AND PLASTICS

7  There is little likelihood of  alu-
 ; minum, magnesium or all plastic auto-
‘Zr‘mob‘ilein the future, says Mr/ James.

 Chief trouble with aluminum is that I fogging. v V 3 .   -

‘I’ 5 to '16 cents-apoundfThé 31,111 
will get interested when  

to 4' or 5 cents. This seemsr‘un;
since it takes two cents of elethmr'
toy/make a? pound of the meatl. '4’"
 On the other hand they present 
of. steel is around 2 cents a paun: 

Fabricating problems of alumin It!
could bel‘xlicked, Mr. James-believe
It’s a matter of basic cost that
stumbling block. ' 

The plastics picture is the saddle?"
aluminum or magnesium. Basic, ‘
\are high, and in additionthere if
higher cost of fabrication to can! 

REAR ENGINE DRIVE A‘ND;
FRONT ENGINE DRIVE ' ‘

Prme advantages of either of 
arrangements,  James says,“  
both permit lower ﬂoors. This
important design consideration."
fo‘rsees conSid'erable experimen‘tafi'o
with both in the near future. '

A secondary advantage of the: ‘_ ea
enginezdesign, one not possessed b

. the front drive, is improved visibi

Pmb‘ems of rear engine desgns 
weight distribution difficulties: 
Cooling, ' ,

0‘

AIR CONDITIONING

There IS a good chance that
cars in the near future may fea iif“
controlled year-around temperat‘ e,
obviating the necessity for Opening .11
windows at any time.  
wwill be. controlled, eliminatingintw 

 

