 (i We
0,1" t

"ijd'otjfiﬁ'SE-Wslvere innocent of locks; andlrmuch’ of the equipmentfor bathrooms; A
fj'éisfarie common place today, Were unknown where Negro travellers7m1
jljhs’top.‘ It seems that the major hit of bathroom equipment could be foun'dﬁany
 where'fr‘om ﬁfty to a hundred feet down the yardand on. thexway, a "

” «arbor afforded) the, only shelter'from storm. I  '

I.

 -‘ Slowly the more modern hotels conducted for 'our patronage came:
filibeing during the past four or 'ﬁve‘ decades, and as slowly, or 
gelowly, have the minds 'of‘the‘ owners and managers of these improveiir" 
 sititutions. of comfort and service, realized that to obtain! patronage, thetNeg‘;

 ‘  the country must be informed of heir existence. ' ' H ‘

'L 'i “

 .How' much nicer it is today, when one-in contemplating a trip  ,7
 motor or plane, is able to have determined  advance ,the.‘places.he.miay ,3;
While in the different Communities; and'how much more is? th.e"*'Pe e
I} mind of the traveller;“ and of his family and ; associates left at home, kno
 ithatj‘nemergency, just Where one may be found.“ » .  .

  " I believe the Green Book was. created, in response to gTOW‘ing; laufof 0-»...
 business that Would support it. However, what difference does it: make. 1.9.»
 traveller, or to the hotel and tourist. home keeper, about what means 
 may be involved. The traveller needs a “home/away from home” to   0'
 0gf those who make such homes available. '_ 7' l

p  Justin case some of the Green Book readers may identify us fOrm?"
I lithe pictures or recognize the (ézv’ner of the gray head from his talk asyq so"
 lfhejre, Jack reminds the editor'that .“I am broad minded enOUgh tow-an
 “I traveler by‘train and plane to enjoy their stops anywhere just the _' Sam”
they had traveled .by car. I am broad minded that way: and besides,
'use‘ petroleum products for motive power, so do- a .lot of railway engines .
 all of them have to have lubrication, so my employer is not being cheated
‘l badly, not enough to warrant them having an objection to all travellinggcolqr
people being able to obtain some degree of peace' and comfort when  
_ awayfrom home regardless of how they travel. ’ ‘  l 1

"They’re nice that way, thereforethos'ewho may"g be motoring’ma’yiv ' '

. 1

 

