Ii,

1

   

Illvvider' ithan theygare high. It is: a

,«l‘a‘luxurious ,car, with cusltomr—qualityrgap?
pointments . "and. DeLuxe i, equipment
throughOut." And this ﬁne big Olds-

;.‘mobilehis so. perfectly balanced, that
itis "one of the easiest-handling cars
 “the road. Beneath its broad hood
isma‘ IIo-horsepower “Straight 78”
Engine,=with outstanding new features
that contribute to new standards of

falthness and, performance.

BUICK

 line. includes the Special,

e-rresr'.-4o;v the Super,:Series 50; and,

t‘hée..‘»,E4-Roadmaster, Series 70. Here we
picture the interior of' Model 51, the

 k,-r5clean-lined four-door SUPER
 '
. Vifinany instances in this 1946 Buick
iireball 'valve-in-head engine, parts
fie. held to closer tolerances than in

;,,p‘r..e7(:isi\gon power plants of the air. '

7 There’s a closer ﬁt between the pis-
 and the cylinder walls than in an
aircraft engine. There’s quieter action
ibirie'gause 7 of closer ﬁts in the vaIVC
Yinechanism. -

Connectingvrods :ride on crankshaft
arings'more closely ﬁtted; to journals.
Qi‘l‘ pump gears mesh more precisely.
EQ'Vmishaft bearings meet ,closer stan-p
a'airid‘s; of lﬁt. ‘

v‘pierfor‘mance and longer engine life.
"And'gjthis‘meticuIOus matching is only
part of the whole Buick engine story.
".f‘There CiSfthe valve-in-head .prin-V
ciplejxwith the Dynaﬂash, combustion
chamberflwhich rolls the _, fuel, into a

' powerépaCked charge, Tsqueeze

a, ﬂattened ball, so that  letsg, 

l a Super-stout wallop.

Yes, this Buick Fireball straigh?
eight for 16246 is a great engine. 
brilliantly agile, more :Vfrugaliwith 
and oil, and deﬁnitely proof that;
“When Better Automobiles 'A‘re 
Buick Will Build Them.” ’ 

CADILLAC ‘

First among automobile, companies,"
Cadillac was singled out by the gov—V 
ernment for war production. 'Duringf’i'i
those war years when no civilian car-72s:
were produced, Cadillac’s precision?

workmanship continued uninterrupted":

. the Cadillac engine and, trans-5
mission assembly lines never stopped;
Cadillac’s contribution to Victory 
mained, to a large extent, in‘theg
familiar realm of automotive-type: ,i
production. '  i"

Naturally, automotive progress went,-
far ahead at Cadillac. Over 50-,Vooojigf;
of the famous Cadillac V—type engin'esiiﬂe
and Hydra-Matic transmissions went ff?-
in'to tanks and other motorized weapj-i-giz“
ons . ., . met the grueling-tests 70f. the'frgf
battleﬁelds . . . to emerge toughened 
and hardened to new standards Ofg
efficiency and dependability. Their de-i-‘l‘i‘ii
velopment'was far greater than would/f] 
have been possible during four peaceiiéa 

time years.

This new mechanical perfection 0ny l
engine. and Hydra—Matic transmission: 
is but one reﬂection of how Cadillac is,

able to resume ﬁne car production—CH
with the most advanced newcars  ~

/ ,. _ ‘\V

.11] g .

 

