    GENERAL MOTORS .CAR‘S   

At [Itheltime our guide went to press( the ‘1947 Models of

GeneraLMotors Cars had not been announced;

* ; 'l . CHEVROLET

 new Chevrolet uses the valve—
 cad.J Thrift-Master engine famous

power from a given quantity of
11te than do other types of engines of
Lhe same/displacement. Durability and

"'Sie‘bf serVicing also are importantw

fears, has the famous Body by
Vand all that it provides in

 safety comfort, luxury, and

 'is its steel» construction. The
roughly reinforced cowl, side, rear,
d":4ﬂ00~r panels and Turret Top are
ided-‘rt‘o form an all-steel unit of
niendous Strength. A

ll i. another Chevrolet feature is a

W'erg'has to do is move the lever and
egflever Works so easy that you can
finitwith your foreﬁnger without
 "your hand off the steering
eel. YOu shift the gears but not your

 v  PONTIAC ’
 ﬁrst impressibn of the big, new
un‘ticiis -thatgherenis a car of out-
 ’  Its ‘clean, ; sweeping

- 7r 1‘1,

lines accentuate its lengthand Sizer-
Every detail of design. addstofits
stunning beauty. But its extra value is
even more evident when .you open-the;
wide doors and get a glimpse of _ithieil
luxurious interior. Here again, every»

. detail of appointment adds up'to corn:

fort and luxury unmatchedr in its price'f‘
class, and; gives you the beauty fio'f" V
custom-typie appointments ‘at low cost;

Pontiac interiors are roomy, com—3'
fortable and in trim good taste. 8on
pleasing colors and smart hardware:
combine with plenty of elbow and
headroom to addto. passenger cemforti, 
Upholstery is rich and luxurious._As‘h‘ 
trays and built—in harm rests are an?
other “plus value” feature' of all Porn-f
tiac models.  V '

ﬁPontiac’s reputation for trouble-free
performance is the result of advanced?
engineering and good craftsman'shiph‘
From drawing board to assembly lin‘_e,;;
Pontiac is designed and built to give-
mile after mile of trouble-free, eco-if‘“
nomical perfOrmance, as the experi+
.ence-of owners has proved over and
over again. 

’Many Pontiacsphave been driven?"
IOQ,OOO miles and more with unbe-‘iﬁ
lievably little, care and expense. Newt:
mechanical improvements combined»:
with scores of time-proved, features?
prove :that in operating economy and”?
dependability the 1946 Pontiac 

new perfection. to its price class.

.2 Irv

 

