. ESTABLISHED 1936 .

INTRODUCTION

The idea of “The Green Book” is to give the Motorist:
and tourist a Guide not only of the Hotels and Tourist Homes;
in all of the large cities but other classiﬁcations that Will be
found useful Wherever he may be. Also facts and informatiOndé-‘1‘
hat the Negro Motorist can use and depend upon 1 1

There areﬁthousands of places that the public dOesn’tti-

now about and aren’t listhed Perhaps you might knOW of
ome? If so, send in their names and addresses and the kind
of business, so that we might pass 1t along to the rest of your

”fellow Motorists.

You Will find it handy on your travels, Whether at home,

or in some other state, and is up to date. Each year we are.“
‘impiling new lists as some of these places move, or go‘ out of ?
usiness and new business places are started giving added '
mployment to members of our race.

When you are traveling mention “The Green Book” so. '
as to let these people know just hOW you found out; aboutl their
giplace of business. If they haVen" t heard about This Guide, tell .
Eithem to get in touch with us. ~ 1. .1

If this Guide is useful, let us know, if not tell us also,

Ifas We appreciate your criticisms. , 1 . 1 ,
If any errors are found, kindly notify the publishers so ; ’_
“that they can be corrected in the neXt issue. ‘ ’ ’ "1

,Publlcation OHicewLeonia, N J.-—Victor H. Green, Editor.
Published yeaily by Victor H. Green & Co. '
‘1'Advertising Office—1200 West 135th St., Room 215 -,A .New York City, N. Y.

"ti-Copyrigzhted—«l947 by Victor H. Green. Nlanuscripvts submitted for publication shOuld be sent to 11
.4 200 West 135th St., Room ZlS—A New York 30, N Y. and must be accompanied by return
1 1 postage. No liability can be assumed for the loss or damage to manuscripts although every post- ,-

sible precaution will be taken.
District Advertising Representative: -——
VVestern Representative—Elmer Jackson- 2605 Euclid AVe., Kansas City, Mo.

Subscription. Seventy Five cents per copy. - 1 . ,
,1 1 Advertising: For rates, 1 1'te to the publisher.
" Last forms close on Nov. lst. we reserve the right to reject any advertising which in our opinion*

\

does not cOnfoirrn to our standards.

PHOTO CREDIT—(Cover) Maine Development Comm “Orr’s Island” to the Mainland ,

 

