\

MONEY FOR . NEGRO COLLEGES

\ This year more than ever we must see to it that our colleges are prepared, _? ‘ , 
to carry a maximum load of work, and ready to do it well. One group on! < " 
colleges deserves Special attention in this respect: the institutions that 
devote themselves to education of the Negro, Under the leadership of the ’
United Negro College Fund thirty-three of these private: colleges are begin-  ‘
'ning a campaign for $1,300,000. John D. Rockefeller Jr. is chairman of the
advisory committee for this third annual fund drive, and a._number of other i ~

- prominent men and women have interested themselves in the cause.

The need for full subseription is more pressing this year because of the
unusual burden thrown on all educational facilities by the returning veteran.
The Negro played an important and often heroic, part in the war. He, shared
the mud, the danger, the sweat and the tears. Now he has the right to

- continue his interrupted education if he wants to .do so. Many college doors
" will be closed to him, and to others regardless of race, color or creed, simply-4
because there are “too many returning» veterans to be cared for at once in
the colleges ‘of their choice. But we cannot allow thlese thirty-three Negro
private colleges to turn away any applicant because they lack funds, or to
curtail their programs because of it. I ’ a

. 1  _ ' The educated Negro was once a rarity. His numbers are increasing year
 .by year, and his) contributions to the arts, science and education steadily
. V  gain a, wider and juster recognition for his abilities. From these we all gain,
’  regardless of color. And, as ‘we mutually put a proper, ' upprejudiced estimate
  b, on the contributions of all races to the common good, we move surely

j  closer to the goal of living together in harmony.

‘ REPRINTED WITH PERMISSION OF THE N. Y. TIMES

. ;\ . I I. ---.-.--‘--------W
 .
,

Negro Schools and I Colleges in the United States

Just a few pages ahead you will ﬁnd a. list of Negro schools and colleges
in the United States.

As you visit the various states you will have a splendid opportunity Of
. , visiting the great educational centers, where students receive a sound,
 ‘ t  enlightened humanistic education and where they are prepared for life with
l‘ g“: a, ﬁne linguistic equipment, a trained ability to examine facts critically, a
 sharpened and heightened sensibility to values, a developed capacity for -
I historical and philosophical reﬂection, and as a .culminative result of all
,7  these disciplines, an enhanced capacity for reﬂective decision and action.

, Take time out to read or to see these great homes of learning where the
young folks cf today-land tomorrow are having their characters moulded.
Plan for the future of your children so that in time to come they will face
life With a ﬁne equipment. Let us not forget that with this question of
schools the whole - of edu‘; ,tion is bound up, for the greatest thought of
mankind is in books and t e greatest living teachers are in our schools and

colleges in the United States. I
‘ ERNESTINE L. HOPPS, Director

 

