    , e  

at

‘Not only Happy Motoring 

   Happy Travellingrby any method, is obtainable 
V‘ 'i ' through Green Book Routing " T  ‘
Say the E880 Special Representatives

\ ,
'\

A, VEditors No-tez-The following article is as nearly as is-possible, areprO-f
duc‘tion of a discussion betweenW‘endall P. Alston and James A. Jackson, both

_ especial Representatives of the Esso -Marketers.

_ JAMES A. JACKSON, the senior has attempted! to reproduce his; reaction-s
to the book and its ﬁeld of usefulness, by reminiscing a bit about his earh
it'ravfels. In the pursuit of a livliho-od since the dawn of the century, Mr\ Jack

 «son has Covered a lot ofterritory. He has actually visited I997 towns. and Cities

 the United States and on several trips abroad has been invNineteen foreign
' countries. He has been in 'so many communities in America as to be quite3att}
home in most of them, because of his frequent visits, as time went on. L “

 7 His present position, 'heldrfor the past twelve years, after seven years in ,th
. 3U. S. Dept. of Commerce and six with. the Billboard, a theatrical magazines
.with the‘Public Relations Department of the Standard Oil Co. and its affilia 
companies.,Mr. W. P. Alston has for'the past two years been his traveli lg

 companion, and 1118 potential successor. Together they go about to the extent, at
‘ around 20,000 miles per year. ’

But let them tell their own story:-

'When- this, article reaches print in the 1947 issue of the Green Bonk,‘it_h‘ei
authors of‘this'little brochure will be wandering down in Louisiana, ‘and Ark;

L ' . ansas; and in fact one of us will have been! across the border and into'Texa

i For about six weeks beginning right after Xmas, we will be on a trip of more
than three thousand miles, involving fourteen stops in eachstate. 

1 Both of us are experienced travellers and one is especially fortiﬁedwith
contacts in many towns andfcities which he has been visiting at intervals 
in some instances, more than forty years. The gray headed member of
team, whose experiences indicate his age, but whose energy and will. to get
about this and other countries, seems to be undiminished. 'i v " 

, Of course, like all old codgers, he is inclined to reminisce at almost "any
iopportunity. Talk of the Green Book and mention of comparisons since its-urﬁr'st
publication a scant half dozen years ago, has just set him Osff.  " ‘

, “Gee” said he, “If there had been any such publication as this when _I
 «started travelling ‘way back in the Nineties, I would have missed 'a lotbf
i anxieties, worries and saved a lot of mental energy which, had it beenxconé‘,
served and used solely to the advancement of the business interests for which 
' traveled, my years. “on the road’- might have been Concluded long ago, with"
enough sayings to permit my living a lifeof peace and quiet, now thatlgarn

;

j'becoming an old codger.”

 

