eliminates pessibility of motor

in erference or stoppage resulting from
cg, idens‘ation or water seepage. The
use of oil repella‘nt and long lasting

Neaprene' covering for ignition wires\

has eliminated another troublesome
feature of pre-war motoring.

 Ford models 'will feature oil
 air and oil cleaners as standard
equipment, wartime use of these ac-
‘eeSSOries having demonstrated their
value in prolonging engine life.
{LL/VVIValves on the new engines have
been moved outward form the cylin-
 permitting improved water jack-
“lie-thing and better cooling. Intake and
exhaust valves have been equipped
 hardened,\ heat-resisting alloy
sféteel inserts to, save the cost of adjust-
jffrnents and regrinding. Using inserts
1'7;for both intake and exhaust valves is
_,  an: exclusive Ford feature.

'  Cylinder block heads for new v-s
 :f'engilnes have been made interchange—
ifaible, requiring a change. in gasket
‘de'sign. ‘ w
iF'Possibility of over heating unde
,' ’fatiiv‘erse conditions has been dealt an-
ITf’nther blow by the development of a
{linew oil pump that circulates a greater

Valve springs ' are ‘ shot-'pe,enl{ed:"and§
rust proofed gfor longer life. The 
leaf on each 'spring is also shotepeened
for added strength. ‘ I.  

As in the past, sturdy, high-torque;
Ford 6-cylinder engines Well he avail-f
able for those who prefer the in-hline
type- ‘ ~ '. .e _ 

‘A number of changes have _ been
made in this rugged engine, thousands
of which power various - military;
vehicles. j .   

Like the V-8, the new 6-cylindereri:
gine features aluminum pistons and"
rings for? greater oil economy,lthe n‘
improved'distributor, oil ﬁlter andi or
ﬁltered air cleaner. It also has 
peened and rust-proofed valve'springs
andl a number of other features ﬂan-g
corporated on the larger engine. ‘  4

In addition new front motor sup;
ports have been added. These“ are
made‘ from Neoprene, a synthetic pro:
duct that is unaffectedbyvoil. 7'

The exhaust manifold: has been ma
designed so that it is} removed far
enough frOm the fuel pump to eliminf
ate possibility Of vapor lock. ‘  

General engine performance of 
Ford 6 has been stepped up by 

ri’ylv01ume of oil through the engine lub-
lj‘ricati'on system at a higher pressure.

THE e 1946

:f DFTROIT, Mich.,——The 1946 Mer-
rjricury, according to Frank J. Denney,
’ general sales manager for the Lincoln grille. , r  V 

 "-Mercury Division of the Ford Motor A‘T he new grille conSists of dieécast;
 ‘\.;,-Company,~ has a heavier, lower and . vertical louvres extending across; the

use of a new, higher, lift cam. It dc?
velops 90 hOrsepower at 3300 rpm.,§ 

MERCURY

wider appearance, resulting from-I;..r-a
wider hood and re-designed f‘bht

 

