J/Le. 3M2”, £00k Item 110le you/L
thaan p/wﬁlema'

By Wendell P. Alston, Special Representative, E‘sso Standard Oil Go.

Through the ages, men of all' races have moved from place to place.

Some to seek new lands, others to avoid persecution or intolerance and still
others for the sake of adventure.

Today, men of all races continue to move and for much the same reasons,
though since the days of the foot-traveler and the ox-cart, they travel with
much more convenience and comfort and at far greater speed.

For most travelers, whether they travel in modern high-speed motor cars,
streamlined Diesel-powered trains, luxurious ocean liners or globe encircling
planes, there are hotels of' all sizes and classes, waiting and competing for
their patronage. Pleasure resorts in the mountains and at the sea shore beckon

him. Roadside inns and cabins spot the highways and all are available if he
has the price.

For some travelers however, the facilities of many of these places are
not available, even though they may have the price, and any traveler to Whom

they are not available, is thereby faced with many and sometimes difficult
problems. '

The Negro traveler’s inconveniences are many and they are increasing
because today so many more are traveling, indiv1dually and in groups.

This year for the annual convention of the largest Negro organization in
the world, nine special trains in addition to the regularly scheduled trains of
a number of railroads were required to transport more than ﬁfty thousand
of its members to a mid-western city. Several more thousands made the trip
by car and some by plane. '

Top ranking orchestras and numerous minor ones, concert singers and
various musical organizations are moving over the country in increasing num-
bers. Touring clubs, like the one in the nation’s capital which chartered three
of the most modern buses of one of the country’s largest bus lines for a trip
to California and Mexico this year, are growing in number. More students
and teachers and many others in the ﬁeld of education seeking further training
in the country’s major centers of learning are traveling. More business men,
representing increasing Negro enterprises, are traveling from city to city, and I
more white corporations cognizant of the mounting purchasing power of the
Negro consumer, have Negro representatives in the ﬁeld, a number of whom,
like ourselves, spend half the year traveling. ‘

3

 

