RESERVATION BUREAU

Going to take a trip, attend some convention—make sure of
your accommodations before you leave.

HOUSING CONDITIONS MAKE THIS NECESSARY

Reservations forall Hotels, Tourist Homes and Vacation Re—
sorts throughout the United Siitates, Alaska, Mexico and Ber-
muda can be made for you through our Reservation Bureau.

We have contacts with all Hotels, Tourist Homes and Vacation Resorts.
Send us a list of the cities that you expect to pass through, the dates
Wanted, how many in your party and have us make your reservations.
Fees are moderate.

Saves You Time and Money —— Write Reservation Bureau

VICTOR H. GREEN & CO.
200 WEST 135th STREET Room 215-A NEW YORK 30, N. Y.

09009000OOOOOOOOQQOOOOOOOOOOOO09969000900009.9000.

EXPLANATION

No travel guide is ever perfect with' the changing conditions, not only in
the world, but also in the United States. The listings contained in this guide
are given to you just as it is given to us from its source. There is a ,pos-
sibility that the address might be a few numbers out of the way—or the
business has moved, so that by the time you receive your guide, start to use
it you will find some discrepancies. This is due to the fact, from the time
that the guide goes to press until you get it a few months have passed and
many changes have taken place in the business world. This we can not help
and we don’t want you to get the idea that this guide is of no value; we
try to have it as correct as possible. Each year these listings are checked
before we go to press.

Our guides are published for every one, hence we have supplied you
with any number of places in cities and towns so that one can select what
they want within their price range. We do not recommend any of these
places, although hundreds of them could be. But due to the thousands of
listings, it is impossible to inspect all, so we leave it to your decision. We
would welcome letters from you giving the name and address of any place
that you feel that isn’t up to our standards of a first class business place.
They will be removed, which would give not only you, but other travelers
the benefit of only first class places.

In order that you won’t find any difficulty in finding the kind of business
that you are looking for, we have placed the listings under their proper
classification in cities and towns.

 

