   
 
   
   
   
   
  
       
   
   
     
  

1N PATRONIZING THESE PLACES

S O U T H W A R D
Chas. A. R. McDowell

Collaborator
United States T'ravel Bureau

  

A daylight ride on a Greyhound bus from New York to Washington
does not present any scenic wonders, yet it pays to keep one’s eyes
open. Our strongest impression arises from the contrast between the
beautiful, ﬂower surrounded plants of General Motors and Burnett’s
Gin at Linden, New Jersey; and the immense drab, abandoned industrial
plants along the Delaware River at Marcus Hook and vicinity where
thousands of workers once labored and lived, but never saw any beauty
of any sort.

Unless absolutely necessary, the traveler should never pass through
Washington without stopping, if for only a few hours. This procedure
always leaves us “‘soothed and sustained.” At this time to such an
extent that we could leave at midnight for an eighteen hour ride to
Greenville, S. C. which took us through the heart of the tobacco country,
and the cities of Richmond, Danville, Winston-Salem and Charlotte. Our
object in visiting Greenville was to meet with the Colored Business and
Professional Men’s Club. This, organization .is thoroughly interested
in creating a nation—wide interest in travel. T‘he‘result of this meet-
ing was very encouraging. There was a: large attendance and close at-
tention was paid to our remarks. A, number of questions were asked,
which brought on a hearty discussion. Greenville lays claim to being
the Textile Center of the South. We note, with special interest the
Negro community, the Hight School, the excellent hospital facilities

and many beautiful homes, owned by Negroes.

    
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

The 164 mile ride through well terraced farm lands and peach
orchards to Atlanta, was highly enjoyable. Atlanta is entered through [
the suburbs of Decatur and the beautiful Ponce de Leon Avenue. Decatur I
Street in Atlanta, Beale Street in Memphis, and Yamacraw in Savannah l
have been made famous by Negroes. It was our good fortune after many ‘
years to be able to visit Decatur Street on Saturday night, don’t miss 1
this, if you ever go to Atlanta. Atlanta is the center of high educa—
tion for Negroes, and here is located the Atlanta. Daily World, the
only Negro daily newspaper in the United States. After a good night’s
rest at the Butler Street Y. M. C. A,., we began our Sunday ride 294

l
I
I

26

