PLEASE MENTION “THE GREEN BOOK”

miles“ on the old Central and Georgia Railroad (over General Sherman’s
route to the sea).

At Savannah we Visited Irene Mound, about 51/2 miles above the City
on Pipemakers Creek. For over two years, the Government has been un-
covering this pre—historic Indian village. This work is being done
under the direction of Dr. Hooten of Harvard University and Dr.
Caldwell is the archaeologist in charge. A laboratory and a museum
have been established at this site and a large number of Negro W. P. A.

workers is employed. The Mound is in a dense growth of live oakes and
the scenery is superb.

“Savannah has been acclaimed by famous world travelers, as one of
the most beautiful cities in the world and its rich background and
heritage of history, embracing many events notable in American annals,
provide it with many hollowed spots ofi deepest interest to the visitor.”
On route 17 just south of the City, of unique interest, is Cocoanut
Grove. Here we find a modern tourist camp, amusement pavilion and the
beautiful home of Mrs. Mamie Cox, maid of the late Miss Marie Dressler,
famous in the movies. All of this was provided through funds left to
Mrs. COX by Miss Dressler, with the stipulation that she would build a
suitable place for the comfort of Negro travelers.

A little further back, we referred to Yamacraw in Savannah. Here
is located a magniﬁicent old colonial building, First Bryan Baptist
Church, founded in 1788, and one of the oldest Negro churches in North
America. According to information furnished by the pastor, this Church
is soon to become the focal point around which the new governmnet
housing project is to be constructed.

Anyone visiting Savannah between April 1st and October 1st, should
by all means take the ride on the steamer among sea islands and through
the various inlets to Beaufort, S, C, The round trip consumes about
12 hours. Most of the scenery is wild and primitive, and all of it is
beautiful. The cost for the round trip is one dollar. Soon after board—
ing the steamer for this trip, we noticed a :Colored man, exercising much
authority. Crossing Port Royal Sound (the only rough water on the trip)
looking up at the pilot house, we noticed this man at the wheel, looking
ahead and calmly smoking his cigar, a sight seldom seen elsewhere.
Negroes have long been associated with navigation in South Carolina

waters.
(CONTINUED ON PAGE 31)

27

 

