 
 

1,:

HE

   

 GREEN BOOK

INTRODUCTION

g. The idea of “The Green Book” is to give the Motorist and Tour-
ist a Guide not only of the Hotels in all of the large cities East of the
‘:,Mississippi River, but other Classiﬁcations that will be found useful
whereever he may be. Also facts and imformation tla‘. the Negro

'Motorist can use and depend upon.

.1 There are thousands of places that the public doesn’t know about
t and aren’t listed. Perhaps you might know of some? If so send in their
.itnames and addresses and the kind of business, so that we might pass it
*ialong to the rest of your fellow Motorists.

.9 You will find it. handy on your travels and up to date. Each
ryear we are compiling new lists; as some of these places move, or go
.out of business and new business is started.

 All of our Advertisers have been selected with care and are

the best represenative and responsible in their ﬁeld. One will always

‘ﬁnd them willing and ready to serve the best that there is.

. When you are traveling mention “The Green Book” so as to

let these people know just how you found out about their place of

.business. If they haven’t heard about This Guide, tell them to get in

touch with us.

 If this Guide is useful, let us know, if not tell us also, as we
.appreciate your criticisms.

 If  errors are found, kindly notify the publishers so that
they can be corrected in the next issue.

, ___————————————————-———-—————-———————

- Published yearly in the month of April by Victor H. Green.
vExecutive & Advertising office at 938 St. Nicholas Ave, New York,

N. Y. .A‘tdvertising office at 938 St. Nicholas Ave, Tel. ED. 4-3425.

Copyrighted —— 1938 by Victor H. Green. Manuscripts submitted for
:pubiication should be sent to 938 St. Nicholas Ave. New York, N. Y.,
 and must be accompanied by return postage. No liability can be assumed

for the loss or damage to manuscripts although every possible precau—

tion will be taken.

Subscription: Twenty—ﬁve cents per copy.

Advertising: For rates, Write to the publisher.

Last forms close on March 15th. We reserve the right to reject
any advertising which in our opinion that does not conform to our
1 standards.

l.
l
g.
i
l
'
 


 

 

PUBLISHED BY

VICTOR H. GREEN

938 ST. NICHOLAS AVE.
NEW YORK, N. Y.

 

