USE IT AS YOUR IDENTIFICATION

 

“THE AUTOMOBILE AND WHAT IT HAS DONE FOR THE NEGRO”
by BENJ. J. THOMAS
FORMER STATE EXAMINER

and
PROPRITOR OF THE BROADWAY AUTO SCHOOL

In 1890 the Automobile ﬁrst made its appearance in the United
States, and since that time up until to-day, the automobile has been
steadily increasing with leaps and bounds, and till today the automobile
industry is the second largest industry in the world, giving employment
to more people than any industry in the world.

In 1987 there were about thirty million automobiles being
operated in the United States alone. This amount being made upvof
pleasure cars. Added to this there ar millions of trucks in the commer-
cial ﬁelds, Vans in‘the local and long distance moving ﬁelds, and millions
of buses in the transportation ﬁelds.

The automobile has been a special blessing to the Negro, for

the Negro is getting better wages and doing more business in the auto-
mobile industry than any other industry in the world. Take for instance

25 years ago, the average young colored man was either doing porter
work, bell hopping, running an elevator or waiting on table, and the
average wage at that time was $5.00 per week. That same young man
as soon .as he learned to operate an automobile, instead of paying him

$5.00 per week, he would begin at not less than $15.00 per week, and as
he progressed and became a mechanic his wages would be railed to $25.00
per week until today, men that are good mechanics and can master the
trade, both as a chauffeur and mechanic, are being paid anyway from
$25.00 to $50.00 per week, therefore, taking men out of the servant class
and placing them in the mechanical class.

In New York City alone, one third of the Mechanical work is
being done by Colored men, and the same that applied to New York,
applies to all other cities and towns through the country. There is one
automobile manufacturing company alone that employes 5000' Colored
men, saying nothing about the thousand of Colored men that are em-
ployed by other automobile companies.

The Negro owns and controls a large percentage of the taxicab

business throughout the country, and the garage and repair shop business
is held in the same proportion.

 

