 

in St. James, a city about eight miles from Montego Bay. Legend has it
that the former owner, Annie Palmer, who murdered two of her husbands,
still haunts the former mansion. It is also said Can-e River issues a whist—
ling sound whenever anyone is drowned in its waters. Notorious Mona
Hall. The Botanical Gardens in St. Andrews. The ancient Cathedral in
Spanish Town and other Latin landmarks evidence of the early days of
Spanish rule. The street vendors with tempting savories such as hot
meat pies, with booby eggs with an epicurean sauce; ice cold coconut
water served in the shell with a straw.

Visit Trinidad’s famed Aripo caves, haunts of the eerie oil birds. The
Caroni Swamp Bird Sanctuary which attracts swarms of the blood red
Scarlet Ibis. Their dazzling plumage splashing the evening skies as they
ﬂy homeward. Egrets, herons, bitterns and other exotic birds shelter in
this Sanctuary.

So you don’t want to knock three times and say Joe sent you? Well
Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands offer the gaming tables of the
plush casinos, in the typical Hollywood setting of blue skies, seas and
palms. Besides the tables there is pool betting in San Juan. The electronic
brains of Univac computers help your ﬂirtations with Lady Luck at the
new E1 Commandante race track. To win the pool the bettors must come
closest to picking the winner for six consecutive races. Payoffs depend on
how much has been paid into the pool from combination cards and the
number of winners there are.

The petit—four of your Caribbean ventures should be Haiti. Individual—
istic fun-loving Haiti; its tremendously rich folklore tradition offers a
wealth of exotic memories to the visitor. Its French—American culture can
be enjoyed all year-round. It is a shoppers’ paradise, such items as Ger—
man cameras, Swedish crystals,, French gloves and even British bone
china can be bought cheaply. Local products—the famous mahogany pieces
and sisal wares. Hand wrought jewelry by skilled craftsmen, including our
own Wini Mason.

Wishing you all a bon voyage. Hope you have a wonderful time. Wish
we were there.

 

5’7

 

   
 

