Despite this precautionary arrange-
ment, some of the citizens of New
Orleans keep small row boats in their
back yards, they have experienced the
breaking down of these pumps from
over hardening. New Orleans is ﬂat
—— having no natural points of height
from whence it can be seen—therefore
the tallest of these steeples of the St.
Louis Cathedral on Jackson Square, is
the only point affording a clear clean
'view of the city. But because of the
six long ﬂights of wooden stairs that
spiral upward into sharp dark curves,
the steeple is closed to visitors.

New Orleans and its outlying Par-
ishes are noted for its fabulous old
mansions with thin ‘old moss covered
oak trees, meeting across its Wide
avenues. The moss that one sees still
clinging to the trees, is a parisite and
was brought in from Spain. It can be
found any place the Spanish settled.

Most tourists, When planning a trip
to New Orleans immediately think of
the famed old French Quarter and New
Orleans as being synonymous —— how-
ever this is not so. The French Quarter
consists of approximately one square

mile of traditional old houses with their
ﬁne display of wrought-iron balconies,
its gardens, memories and legends. It
contains some of the most interesting
architecture to be found in America.
The character of any city is determined
by the collective peculiarities of its
inhabitants. Along with such things
as climate and geography. In New Or-
leans the most inﬂuential factor was
the people who lived in the French
Quarter when it comprised the entire

city.

These people established the cultural
pattern which gives New Orleans the
personality which sets it apart from
other cities in the United States. New
Orleans stretching out along the At-
lantic sea coast became a melting pot
for peoples of several nationalities; be-
ing Spaniards, Frenchmen, Italians and
British. These immigrants were ab-
sorbed, by the numerically overwhelm-
ing French, thereby introducing What
is known as Creoles( the original
meaning —- anyone of French or
Spanish descent born in the French or
Spanish Colony). This explanation
of course is controversial.

VIEUX CARRE — NEW ORLEANS

25

 

