 

 

the greater proportion of total space
allocated for such purposes as lounge
rooms and lavatories and dining, club,
observation and other special purpose
cars. Some of these new type cars are
equipped with domes from which the
passenger can obtain an entirely new
perspective as he watches the country-
side from a sun-glass-enclosed posi-
tion at the top of the car.

In sleeping cars, the trend is toward
the small type room for single occu-
pancy, but here, “too, the range in
improvements runs from individual
berths to drawing rooms. For instance,
a typical drawing room on a new car
offers spacious accommodations for
three passengers and includes a pri-
vate, fully—enclosed lavatory. Along
one wall is a three-place sofa with
adjustable arm rests. There are also
two movable lounge chairs, and light—
ing and temperature controls are all
on one convenient panel.

Other “typical accommodations in a

     
   

Interior of one of the coaches in the “Silver Me'teor,’
all coach train between New York and Florida.

 

   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
    
       
    

W

sleeping car include roomettes which
provide complete privacy for one, with
a bed which lowers from the wall at
the twist of a handle and which folds
into the wall in the daytime to become
a sofa—seat, and bedrooms which can
accommodate two persons and which
have an enclosed toilet. Compartments,
which accommodate two persons and
contain a sofa—seat and a folding
lounge chair, also have an enclosed
toilet. The comfortable berths are wide

seats by day and sleep—inviting beds

by night.

While the new cars which go to
make up the new trains are the more
obvious features—the “show window”
of railroad progress—they are only a
part of the railroads’ program for
improving passenger service. For ex-
ample, in 1949, the railroads put more
new locomotives into service than in
any other year in their history. These
new locomotives have more “get up
and go,” too, and are capable of pull—

)

streamlined stainless steel

